# Eranin vs Federation - Commander Reactions  
  
3300-09-24   
  
There are still commanders such as CMDR Pheyes who are ambivalent about their allegiance and appear to be indiscriminate in their targeting.  
  
Many more, however, appear to be aligning themselves strongly with one camp or the other. CMDR zenoic neatly summed up Eranin supporters' feelings.  
  
"Freedom, yes. Freedom to trade legitimate goods, freedom from Federal sponsored terrorism, freedom from Federal bullying. Long live the Eranin revolution! 30 more years!  
  
CMDR Nemesis T Warlock in his Anaconda is rapidly catching up with CMDR BlueFalcon at the top of the Most Wanted list in Federal space, and CMDR Mark0 continues to uphold Independence for Asellus and Eranin.  
  
CMDR DeGrimmy is taking it upon himself to arrange more organised activity.  
  
"A group of pilots, myself included, will be taking the fight to the Federation by attacking their forces at i Bootis B. A broadcast will be available at 8pm BST (~5 minutes from posting). The USS can be found ~10Ls away from I Bootis B. If they are not stopped at Eranin, they will not stop at all. I found a bulletin at Federation occupied Magec earlier, asking for "Federation Patriots" to fight any independent system security force in return for a handsome sum of credits. This has to stop.  
  
CMDR Ozric's assertion of:  
  
"Better dead than red!  
  
Would seem to indicate that he is firmly on the side of the Federation-supporting rebels. CMDR 2H@RD 2H@NDLE is putting his lasers where his mouth is by heroically defending Federal assets in i Bootis with a Cobra, whilst CMDR Cryo is doing a similar job in Dahan.  
  
The tension is cranking up and rumors are spreading like wildfire. CMDR MarktJones messaged:  
  
"Getting dozens of 'Request Denied' responses from the station, at first I thought the traffic control had got their hands on some of the celebration liquor. But then I realised, the Federation has hacked the docking control system at Azeban City.  
  
It seems yesterday's blithe denial by Imperial Senator Denton Patreus hasn't convinced all of you.  
  
CMDR knowles2 says:  
  
"The Empire senator sounds like he could barely keep a straight face during that interview. I wonder how long it will be until an Imperial fleet is spotted above Eranin to protect them from Federal aggression.  
  
And of course there are those such as CMDR Lukozer, who are fiercely loyal to the Empire.  
  
"Death to the Federation! My loyalties are with the Empire, but ... the independent systems get my support, particularly Eranin which seems to have some 'unofficial backing' from the glorious Empire  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Eranin vs Federation  
  
3300-09-24   
  
Perhaps rather than conflict, Imperial Senator Denton Patreus' characterization of the situation around Eranin yesterday as 'civil war' is growing more accurate by the day...  
  
Commanders continue to fly in support of both sides of the conflict, although with a slight majority on the Federal side - the side of the rebellion.  
  
We spoke to representatives from both sides last night.  
  
A source close to the communist Eranin government passed on this message for broadcast:  
  
"The Federation-backed rebels are determined to undermine everything Eranin stands for. Comrades! It is time to take up arms and fight the capitalist aggressors!  
  
There has been a massive surge in Eranin celebratory liquor being smuggled into Federation-controlled Chango Dock. The Eranin government wants to see even more destinations targeted with the now-symbolic liquor to spread support for their cause. Off the record they are also keen for more practical assistance from Commanders in fighting.  
  
A spokesperson for the Federation-backed rebels, who wished to remain anonymous, told us:  
  
"We want to be free to live our lives! Help us kick some Commie butt and break this centralist oppression - every form we fill in, every eye-watering taxation increase, every permit they deny, a little something dies inside us. They will not control us!  
  
We are getting reports that the Independent Alliance are about to formally intervene on Eranin's behalf with Federation representatives.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Commander Activity as Unrest Spreads  
  
3300-09-25   
  
In response to the Eranin government's call yesterday for a wider spread of its now-infamous celebration liquor, there has been much activity involving large amounts of liquor in several systems.  
  
Over 30 Commanders have taken liquor to Opala's Romanenko Estate. In LHS 3262, CMDR Waugh and CMDR Sophie-Beth have both been major contributors to the liquor flooding into Louis de Lacaille Prospect. CMDR Sandmann is also doing his best to help Bolg's Moxon's Mojo star port drown its sorrows.  
  
In combat news, CMDR Nemesis T Warlock in his Anaconda has now hit the top of the Most Wanted list in Federal space, and CMDR Neon Raven and CMDR erarda have been busy disrupting the Independents.  
  
The Freeport blockade is still active. The blockaders are yet to show their hand for one side or the other, leading our informants to the conclusion that this activity is genuinely an entrepreneurial protection racket rather than a smokescreen by one of the power blocs. There would therefore seem to be a significant risk of the blockaders being caught up in a scorched-earth policy by Federation black ops units looking to cover the tracks of all the illegal weapons they have had smuggled out of the Freeport anarchy.  
  
Meanwhile, there are whispers of covert Federal activity in Asellus Primus and Wyrd.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Secret Federal Anger now Onionhead Sales at all Time High  
  
3301-01-06   
  
We have seen several off-the-record comments from unnamed Congressmen who are angry at the publicity Onionhead has received from the President’s various announcements, and her criticism of the Admiral of the Fleet.  
  
According to reports on black market pricing, the value of Onionhead has soared throughout Federal space, despite its illegality. The ‘Oniongate’ protests are still ongoing, seemingly paralysing the senior leadership from taking further action.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-01-02   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,708 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Thiana United Group  
  
Regir Purple Legal PLC  
  
Revolutionary HR 6649 Republic Party  
  
Alliance of Cileni  
  
LP 694-16 Crimson Legal Ind  
  
Green Party of Dulos  
  
Guangngel Freedom Party  
  
Prahlang PLC  
  
United Barillian Labour  
  
Revolutionary Betseoltana Future  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Eranin and Rebels in Federation-Brokered Peace Talks  
  
3300-09-25   
  
As Eranin 30th Anniversary celebratory liquor is spread far and wide, the Federation Black Ops teams are moving to more overt than covert operations in support of the rebels, removing all doubt that the rebels are a Federation proxy.  
  
Consequently, the gloves are now well and truly off in the conflict between the Eranin government and the Federation-backed rebels, with ever-increasing numbers of Commanders involved on each side.  
  
Congressman Silvia Calhoon, the Federal Representative from nearby Aulin, is today chairing peace talks at a secret, secure outpost between representatives of the Eranin government and the rebel leaders. Our as yet unconfirmed reports still suggest a representative of the Independent Alliance is also attending.  
  
Meanwhile, a spokesman for Senator Patreus denied rumours that he had personally extended a loan to the Eranin government.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Latest News on Durius Situation  
  
3301-01-07   
  
It seems many private pilots have been helping Senator Patreus’ warships against the government of Durius, and that the government is suffering serious losses.  
  
Despite Senator Patreus’ actions Durius has still not settled the debt. Governor Malachai gave the following interview from his governmental headquarters -  
  
“It is heart-warming to see the support for a down-trodden system like ours from commanders of independent ships. Sadly there are those who are siding with Patreus. We hope they will see the error of their ways before it is too late.”  
  
There are reports from sources close to Senator Patreus is pleased with his force’s progress so far. Another aide quipped that that the “Governor Malachai is clearly deluding himself!”  
  
# Diamond Frogs Contribute to Christmas Initiative  
  
3302-01-04   
  
Over the past few days, private military contractors the Diamond Frogs have been hard at work on Operation: Mistle Toad, a concentrated effort to deliver personal gifts to the Santa Muerte system. A notable highlight of the campaign came when DF Commander Doot stopped by in an Imperial Cutter packed to the gills with 704 tonnes of personal gifts...twice!  
  
Just a day before the planned close of the event, the combined efforts of the Diamond Frogs and other pilots resulted in a final tally of 250,000 tonnes of personal gifts. Moreover, the event organisers announced they have launched an initiative to give new members of the Pilots Federation a brand-new Faulcon DeLacey Viper Mk IV. This is in addition to a substantial cash reward for those who helped brighten up the season, to the tune of up to 100 million credits for the top 5% of contributors.  
  
'Disc' Commander Felix Dyson, Radio Skvortsov  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-01-03   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Frobisher Terminal, Yimakuapa  
  
Maia Point, Maia  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Vela Port, Amarak  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
Gilmour Orbiter, Tau Ceti  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Harris Claim, Tomas  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Roentgen Hub, LFT 37  
  
Birkhoff Station, Chnemine  
  
Descartes Station, Neche  
  
Bohr Prospect, Kisatsya  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Saunders's Dive, Wolf 1301  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-01-04   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Eranin and Rebel Peace Talks Fail - War Declared!  
  
3300-09-26   
  
Yesterday's peace talks between the Eranin government and Federation-leaning rebels collapsed into chaos yesterday.  
  
An ambassador of the Independent Alliance was due to attend in support of Eranin but did not arrive - furious Eranin government officials accused the Federation of interference. It seems Ambassador Eliza Fernandez was delayed by customs en route to Eranin after the ship she was travelling in was caught with contraband Celebration Liquor on board at a Federal stop-and-search in the Opala system.  
  
Silvia Calhoon, the Federal Representative from Aulin who chaired yesterday's peace talks, said:  
  
"We offer our sympathy for Ms Fernandez being delayed, but government representatives need to lead by example. However, we are here to focus on mediation, and helping to settle the internal conflict between the Eranin government and a section of their people. We need both sides to sit down and talk. Sadly, the Eranin government did not stay long yesterday; we cannot achieve this noble goal if the Eranin government refuses to talk.  
  
The Eranin government, who were yesterday rumored to be bankrolled by Imperial Senator Patreus, made no comment. However, shortly afterwards heavy fighting was reported in i Bootis as Eranin Defence Force ships attacked Federal Navy assets.  
  
Reports are also coming in of strikes and sabotage disrupting the markets in Louis de Lacaille Prospect (LHS 3262), Romanenko Estate (Opala) and Moxons Mojo (Bolg) - all Federal systems.  
  
In the last hour rebel ships have attacked in Asellus Primus and Wyrd, both Independent systems, supportive of the government in Eranin. The LP 98-132 anarchy is home to the Freeport starport, which was the source of many illegal weapons supplied to the Federation backed rebels and is currently subject to a civilian blockade.  
  
Many Commanders have been mobilized in support of each side. The Faulcon deLacy Limited Edition Black / Wireframe paint job is being used by protagonists from each side as a method of indicating their participation, but disguising their allegiance.  
  
The blockaders have come out as against the federation but still remain independent. We received this message from them outlining their intention to align themselves with the Eranin Defence forces:  
  
"Greetings Commanders and citizens of LP 98-132,  
  
We've had a chat, Treyshon and I; we have made up our minds about the current situation and feel that we can no longer ignore the escalating tensions. We've been carrying on as normal as if nothing is happening. Burying our heads in the sand, so to speak.  
  
If the Federation manage to bring Eranin back into their oppressive fold we will start to see Federal influence creep into LP 98. This cannot be allowed to happen.  
  
Therefore, as of right now, we are aligning ourselves with the Eranin Defence forces to push back against the Feds and FTPS is officially on hiatus from taxation duties.  
  
Over the next couple of days we will be scanning all ships leaving Freeport and will destroy ANY vessels attempting to smuggle weapons out of Freeport, be them Elite Federation pilots or otherwise.  
  
We will NOT tolerate any efforts to bolster the Federation's position in Eranin and the surrounding systems.  
  
We are doing this as much for ourselves as for the pilots and citizens of Freeport that enjoy the free trade and everything else that comes from existing in an anarchic system.   
  
We will not tolerate interference here.  
  
Rise up now, never surrender!  
  
CMDR Star Noble's 'recruitment campaign' is increasing the numbers of privateers targeting Chango Dock.  
  
During a routine scouting mission CMDR Qrunch Miner has discovered a huge Federation fleet Amassing at i Bootis B Unidentified Signal Source!  
  
In combat news, CMDR Nemesis T Warlock is still racking up the Kills against the Feds whilst CMDR Erarda is coming out is force against Eranin.  
  
CMDR Maeyae has become the top trader of liquor in a type 9, trading 20 times in one day, amassing over 8000 units and CMDR Jak sold Liquor in 13 different stations in just one day.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Slave Rebellion Breaks out in Ongkuma  
  
3301-01-07   
  
Rumours are coming in from multiple sources that rebellion has broken out amongst slaves in Ongkuma.  
  
This news has surprised commentators given the speed with which the Sorbago rebellion was crushed last year. Some commentators speculate that the rebel leaders are relying on intervention from independent pilots, although many consider this to be a foolish hope after the widespread support the Senator received in the Sorbago campaign.   
  
Indirect confirmation came from a comment in social media from a lowly shipyard loader driver, who posted that the ‘Cleopatra’ and the ‘Marlin’, two of Senator Torval’s Majestic Class Interdictors, were being provisioned to leave for the Ongkuma system.  
  
Senator Torval is still on her holiday cruise on the ‘Xanadu’ so was unavailable for comment.  
  
# Community Goal: The Colonia Expansion  
  
3303-01-05   
  
Last month, the Colonia Council launched the first in a series of initiatives to determine which organisations would join the rapidly expanding Colonia community. The Council has now launched a second initiative, once again giving the galaxy's minor factions an opportunity to establish a permanent presence in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
In a statement, a spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"We were delighted with the response to the first initiative, which demonstrated a clear commitment to the Colonia community.  
  
"For this appeal, we are once again asking pilots to deliver a specific commodity to Jaques Station on behalf of their chosen organisation in order to earn a migration visa.  
  
"At the end of the campaign, the ten factions that have made the largest contribution will earn the right to settle in one of the systems we have targeted for colonisation. A new planetary outpost will be constructed in the system for the organisation's sole use.  
  
The campaign begins on the 5th of January 3303 and will run for four weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Eranin Civil War Escalates  
  
3300-09-29   
  
The Azebanian provincial city of New Fresno fell to rebel forces this morning as the civil war moved into its fourth day.  
  
Thousands of pro-government refugees have fled to Azeban's historical capital city of Fort Bradley, escaping what is believed to be, thus far, a largely bloodless rebellion.  
  
The weekend had seen significant government victories, thanks in large part to the participation of traders from the Pilot's Federation. Cmdrs Johnny V and Fallschirmjäger provided Eranin's government with high quantities of Combat Stabilizers and Basic Medicines, while Cmdrs Nephalim Angel and Psychopomp delivered cases of celebratory liquor in the thousands.  
  
However, orbital strikes on grain silos by rebel craft have caused panic on the streets of New Fresno and a mass exodus of loyalist civilians that has left the city in rebel hands.  
  
Civilians have begun hoarding medical supplies, driving demand for essential medicine while demand for luxury goods and consumer technology is plummeting. Commentators suggest the market's reaction, when it comes, will be swift and dramatic.  
  
Fort Bradley remains untouched by rebel forces. An official speaking from the city denied rumors of Imperial support for the long-standing government, and said:  
  
"We are doing all we can to support our comrades making the journey to our capital, where they will be greeted warmly by the loyal people of Azeban.  
  
He went on to dismiss the uprising, describing the conflict many are calling the 'Anniversary War' as a 'skirmish', saying:  
  
"Eranin is a system of pioneers that has stood proudly independent for 30 years, and we ask our friends in the Pilot's Federation to supply us with medicine and weapons to assist in opposing these rebels' unjustified attacks against Eranin's people.  
  
In a dispatch believed to have come from the overthrown New Fresno, rebel forces responded:  
  
"We demand democracy, nothing more. Our unelected government steals away our freedoms while raising ever more in taxes. We will remove them from power one building, one city and one planet at a time, if we must. We have attacked only the grain silos with which Eranin's government shackles its people, and any bloodshed will be on our oppressors' hands, not ours.  
  
In other developments:  
  
- The conflict has yet to reach the orbital Azeban City. The starport remains under government control, though rumors persist of a growing black market in aid of the rebel faction.  
  
- Ambassador Eliza Fernandez of the Independent Alliance has declined to comment on her detention by customs officials, or on the contraband liquor alleged to have been found in her ship's hold.  
  
- Delegates in the independent Wyrd system denied accusations of interference or partisanship in the Anniversary War.  
  
- Cmdr Neon Raven is Eranin's Most Wanted for actions against Pilot's Federation ships. Cmdr Vega Trantor is Most Wanted in Asellus Primus. The Pilot's Federation condemned all attacks against its members and local authorities.  
  
- Conflict between Pilot's Federation Commanders in the i Bootis system has seen 3,316 bounties collected in recent days, but a further 6,343 fresh bounties handed out by the federation's enforcers. Cmdr Erik Marcaigh is the system's Most Wanted, and has been described as "a menace". The Pilot's Federation asked other pilots to "follow the lead of leading bounty hunter Cmdr kiFF and collect the generous rewards offered on rogue agents".  
  
- Trading and combat activities currently favor Eranin's government over its rebels, though disinformation campaigns on both sides make accurate reporting problematic.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Federal Warship Arrives in Luluwala  
  
3301-01-08   
  
Senator Torval has criticised the arrival of a Federal warship now stationed in the Luluwala system.  
  
“They think they can throw their weight around. Stationing a warship at this small outpost can only be a distraction from their lack of enforcement of their own laws.   
  
“They think stationing a cruiser in Luluwala is a show of strength? A show of real strength would be to move against slavery in the Federation. Really they are being weak.”  
  
There has been no comment from the Federal government as yet.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Services Suspended at Gabriel Enterprise  
  
3302-01-04   
  
Officials at Gabriel Enterprise in the Harma system have reported that the technical issues affecting the starport have worsened, leading to the immediate suspension of all services apart from docking and shipyard access. This brings the total number of starports closed as a result of the mysterious malfunctions to seven. A complete list of affected stations and systems follows.  
  
Stations where services have been suspended:  
  
Gabriel Enterprise, Harma system  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui system  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis system  
  
Weyn Dock, 64 Arietis system  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere system  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok system  
  
Carter Port, Rhea system  
  
Stations experiencing technical issues:  
  
Coats Hub, Warkushanui  
  
Bond Hub, Varati  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
Tsunenaga Dock, Iapodes  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Ray Gateway, Diaguandri system  
  
Vizcaino Enterprise, Nganji system  
  
Talos 2, Peregrina system  
  
We will continue to bring you up-to-the-minute reports on this issue.  
  
# Community Goal: Balones Gold Touch Systems Appeals for Materials  
  
3303-01-05   
  
Balones Gold Touch Systems has placed an open order for materials for use in a forthcoming project. A bulletin from the organisation confirms that pilots who deliver mined osmium, praseodymium and methanol monohydrate crystals to Tiedemann Dock in the Balones system will be generously rewarded.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation elaborated on the nature of the project:  
  
"The purpose of this programme is to develop a number of advanced deep-space probes – ones that will reveal more about what lies beyond the borders of our galaxy.  
  
"We at Balones Gold Touch Systems believe galactic civilisation is on the cusp of a paradigm shift. The alien shipwrecks and the Synuefe ruins leave no room for doubt: we are not alone in the universe.  
  
"Knowledge is the currency of the future. Not money. Not weapons. Knowledge. And how best to acquire this knowledge? With the instruments that Balones Gold Touch Systems is developing.  
  
The campaign begins on the 5th of January 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-01-05   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,272 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Bumbur Purple Central Limited  
  
Gorgon Crimson Pirates  
  
Labour of Zlota Lung  
  
LHS 2771 Party  
  
Chin Purple Life Ltd  
  
72 Herculis Silver Dragons  
  
QQ Pegasi Partners  
  
New 26 Ophiuchi Labour  
  
44 chi Draconis Combine  
  
Kairi Republic Party  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,258 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Wolf 867 Dynamic Co  
  
BPM 590 Purple Ring  
  
Thule Empire League  
  
LP 193-564 Major Solutions  
  
Li Tzicnii Galactic and Co  
  
Ned Erh PLC  
  
Marquis du LTT 6255  
  
People's Epsilon Scorpii Resistance  
  
Kwangwutii Inc  
  
Kipgensi Industries  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Dionysus Rising  
  
3304-01-04   
  
Sirius Inc has announced plans to construct a flight-operations megaship in the 42 n Persei system, which occupies a strategic position on the route to Maia. The vessel, which will be named the Dionysus, will dramatically improve services in 42 n Persei.  
  
Senior Aide Humberto Guthrie, speaking on behalf of Sirius Inc, released the following statement:  
  
“We are disturbed by recent events in the Pleiades and the vulnerability of our systems. If the superpowers cannot protect us, we will protect ourselves.”  
  
In support of this campaign, Sirius Inc has placed an open order for various commodities, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these goods to Green Enterprise in the Ngalia system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering commodities to Green Enterprise can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 4th of January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Dionysus Rising  
  
3304-01-05   
  
Sirius Inc has announced plans to construct a flight-operations megaship in the 42 n Persei system, which occupies a strategic position on the route to Maia. The vessel, which will be named the Dionysus, will dramatically improve services in 42 n Persei.  
  
Senior Aide Humberto Guthrie, speaking on behalf of Sirius Inc, released the following statement:  
  
“We are disturbed by recent events in the Pleiades and the vulnerability of our systems. If the superpowers cannot protect us, we will protect ourselves.”  
  
In support of this campaign, Sirius Inc has placed an open order for various commodities, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these goods to Green Enterprise in the Ngalia system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering commodities to Green Enterprise can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 4th of January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3304-01-09   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Finney Ring, Jitabos  
  
Barjavel Station, HIP 33368  
  
The Pit, Pennsylvania  
  
# History of the Eranin Conflict  
  
3300-09-30   
  
Now into its fifth day, the Eranin civil war has escalated quickly.  
  
The system's independence celebrations saw mass exports of celebratory liquor, a practice banned in short order by the Federation.  
  
The perceived Federal opposition to the Independent communist regime sparked anti-government protests and the rise of pro-Federation rebels in Eranin.  
  
War erupted on September 26 and spilled out of the system with rebel attacks on targets in Wyrd, and retaliation against Federal Navy assets in i Bootis by Eranin Defense Forces.  
  
At the weekend, Azeban's provincial city of New Fresno fell to the pro-Federation rebels, triggering an exodus of loyalist refugees.  
  
Rumors persist of Imperial involvement.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Aisling Duval Talks Narcotics  
  
3301-01-08   
  
In the popular show “A fireside chat with Serena”, the celebrity royal, Aisling Duval, surprisingly talked through tears about narcotics -  
  
“Yes Serena, that’s my early childhood. I hate narcotics and think they should be made illegal. My mother died from them before I was old enough to remember her.”  
  
When asked about her father she replied -  
  
“Oh Serena. He was led astray in his youth, but Dad is a lovely man, and would make a great Emperor if his controlling father wasn’t so spiteful.”  
  
Commentators have expressed outrage at her comments about our beloved Emperor, and the network cut the broadcast at that point.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-01-06   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-01-05   
  
The Alliance has announced that its campaign to build a planetary outpost in the California Nebula has received the enthusiastic support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal for construction materials by delivering geological equipment, hazardous environment suits and surface stabilisers to Tshang City in the Furuhjelm III-674 system.  
  
The campaign also received the support of hundreds of combat pilots, who protected those delivering commodities by neutralising agitators in Furuhjelm III-674.  
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon released a brief statement:  
  
"I would like to extend my deepest gratitude to those who supported this campaign. Remember – the Alliance means freedom.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Tshang City in the Furuhjelm III-674 system.  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-01-04   
  
The Alliance has announced that its operation to reclaim the supply lines connecting its California Nebula bases with the core systems has reached a successful conclusion.  
  
The campaign received the support of hundreds of independent pilots, who eliminated the pirates targeting the supply lines and recovered escape pods from ships destroyed by the agitators. Those rescued from the shipwrecks are now recovering at Darwin Research Facility.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, the Alliance released a statement:  
  
“We are immeasurably grateful to those who participated in this operation – you have saved our allies from a terrible fate.”  
  
“A pertinent question remains unanswered, however. Where did these criminals come from? Alliance intelligence has surmised that they may have been driven out of their home systems by a second group of agitators. If this is the case, this latter group could represent an even greater threat to civilised space.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Darwin Research Facility in the California Sector BV-Y c7 system.  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-01-05   
  
The Alliance has announced that its operation to reclaim the supply lines connecting its California Nebula bases with the core systems has reached a successful conclusion.  
  
The campaign received the support of hundreds of independent pilots, who eliminated the pirates targeting the supply lines and recovered escape pods from ships destroyed by the agitators. Those rescued from the shipwrecks are now recovering at Darwin Research Facility.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, the Alliance released a statement:  
  
“We are immeasurably grateful to those who participated in this operation – you have saved our allies from a terrible fate.”  
  
“A pertinent question remains unanswered, however. Where did these criminals come from? Alliance intelligence has surmised that they may have been driven out of their home systems by a second group of agitators. If this is the case, this latter group could represent an even greater threat to civilised space.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Darwin Research Facility in the California Sector BV-Y c7 system.  
  
# Sirius Inc Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-01-11   
  
Sirius Inc has announced that its construction initiative has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Green Enterprise in the Ngalia system, and by eliminating agitators in Ngalia, thereby ensuring the safety of traders contributing to the initiative.  
  
Sirius Inc has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Green Enterprise in the Ngalia system.  
  
# New Technology Powers Exploration  
  
3300-10-01   
  
The Pilot's Federation has made the Universal Cartographics Discovery Module a standard component in all Sidewinder loadouts.  
  
The Discovery Module is activated via a fire group, and works at both standard and supercruise speeds.  
  
Once charged, it emits radiation bursts and analyzes reflections and reactions to build an overview of local unknown bodies.  
  
Pilots can perform close-range scans of stars, planets and moons using standard targeting procedures. After a short delay, the on-board navigation computer will be updated with details of the body.  
  
Exploration data can be traded with Universal Cartographics in starports, and growing demand has seen upgraded discovery modules and detailed surface scanners made available.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Preparations for the Emperor’s Wedding Gain Pace  
  
3301-01-09   
  
Arissa Lavigny has shown the plans for her parent’s wedding on the 22nd of this month, including a sneak peek at the bridesmaids’ dresses. It will be a grand affair with visiting dignitaries from systems around and beyond the Empire. Rumour has it that the Federal President and Shadow President will both be invited, although many expect them to politely decline.  
  
The ceremony is to take place in the Imperial Palace, and the Emperor and his new wife will remain in specially prepared ornate travel chairs throughout as the Emperor is not expected to be fully recovered by the time of the wedding.  
  
Markets rose dramatically after the news as it would seem that the Emperor’s illness is not as bad as many commentators have made out.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Festive Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-01-05   
  
Clauss Incorporated has announced that its festive appeal received the enthusiastic support of the galactic community, with hundreds of pilots taking to their ships to transport personal gifts from Frost Dock in the Njambalba system to Clauss Port in the Santa Muerte system. Nicolas St Clauss, CEO of Clauss Incorporated, released a brief statement:  
  
"We're delighted with the response. We'd like to thank the galactic community for helping us spread joy through the galaxy.  
  
In addition to offering generous remuneration, Clauss Incorporated has promised to reward those who made the largest contributions with special festive prizes.  
  
# Firework Appeal Comes to an End  
  
3302-01-07   
  
Having received a deluge of deliveries, Independent Cherets Labour has announced that its recent appeal for Anduliga Fireworks has been successful. Central to the success of the appeal were the scores of independent combat pilots who kept the spaceways of Cherets clear, and ensured those delivering fireworks to Bucky Hub could do so safely. A spokesperson for Independent Cherets Labour expressed satisfaction at the outcome:  
  
"It's always heartening to see the galactic community come together, especially when it's in the service of a really big party. We'd like to extend our gratitude to all those who delivered fireworks to us here at Bucky Hub, and who took care of the agitators clogging up the spaceways. Thanks to you, 3302 is going to start with a really big bang!  
  
# The Liberation of HIP 17692  
  
3304-01-11   
  
In a move that has come as a surprise to many, the Empire and Federation have announced a joint initiative to counter Thargoid activity in the HIP 17692 system.  
  
The two-pronged operation will seek to reduce the Thargoid presence in the region, and to recover personal effects, data and people from Thargoid attack sites in HIP 17692.  
  
The Merope Expeditionary Fleet has been authorised to oversee the combat operation, while The Pleiades Resource Enterprise has been charged with coordinating the rescue initiative. Pilots who support these campaigns will be eligible for substantial rewards.  
  
Following the announcement, Admiral Denton Patreus released the following statement:  
  
“Starports throughout the Pleiades have been attacked. Thousands of lives have been lost. And we have failed to deliver an effective response. That changes now.”  
  
“This is your chance to deliver a message to our enemies – to tell them that we will not yield and we will not break. We will fight!”  
  
The campaign begins on the 11th of January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Fuel Price Controversy Continues  
  
3300-10-28   
  
Starport services across the sector are defending their fuel pricing strategy amid claims of price fixing.  
  
A representative for Tranquillity Stops, 'the Galaxy's favourite services', angrily refuted claims of impropriety.  
  
The spokeswoman told us:  
  
"Whilst pilots can fit a fuel scoop to their vessel and attempt to skim the surface of stars to refill their tank for free, anyone with an ounce of sense will understand the dangers of such an activity.  
  
She added that, measured against the potential thermal damage and risk of interdiction, fuel prices were actually "quite reasonable".  
  
# Federal President Booed  
  
3301-01-09   
  
This morning during the ceremony to mark the start of term at the prestigious Olympus Village University When President Halsey began her talk a large number of the assembled students began booing her.  
  
The university principal apologised profusely to the President before she left. Nevertheless the damage was done, and the event was carried on newsfeeds throughout much of human space – and her embarrassed and indecisive reaction and she attempted to proceed with her speech is now the butt of much satirical humour.  
  
# Galactic News: Thargoids Sighted?  
  
3303-01-06   
  
Media outlets throughout the galaxy are abuzz with news of an event that many are interpreting as an encounter with non-human life.  
  
According to reports, an independent pilot by the name of Commander DP Sayre was interdicted en route to the Aries Dark Region XU-O b6-3 by a highly unusual ship bearing no resemblance to any known human craft.  
  
As the Commander's ship was plucked from hyperspace, all their systems were completely disabled. The mysterious craft subjected the pilot's vessel to some kind of scan before departing, at which point the hapless Commander's ship returned to life.  
  
Commentators reviewing the pilot's recording of the event have noted strong similarities between the mysterious craft and the shipwrecks found in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 and the HIP 17862 system.  
  
Is the ship a Thargoid vessel? This is the question many are asking.  
  
We will continue to bring you up-to-the-minute updates on this story.  
  
## Thargoid  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3302-01-07   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,271 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Wenda Alliance Union  
  
Yen K'an Protectorate  
  
Murung Services  
  
Conservatives of Praavapri  
  
MCC 378 Vision Incorporated  
  
Sublime Order of van Maanen's Star  
  
League of 36 Ursae Majoris  
  
LHS 1885 League  
  
Lhou Xuang Prison Colony  
  
Partnership of Nareri  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# One Year On  
  
3304-01-11   
  
It has now been a year since the Thargoids returned to human-occupied space, and in that time they have become increasingly aggressive, their hostility culminating in starport attacks in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
Now that the Thargoids’ intentions have been made clear, the question many are asking is “what can we do?”  
  
Outspoken political commentator Daxton Sung offered the following analysis:  
  
“The situation continues to escalate and our leaders continue to offer the same tired platitudes – militaristic bombast from Hudson, noncommittal banalities from Lavigny-Duval and earnest sympathising from Mahon. It’s clear that they have no idea how to counter the Thargoid threat, beyond pumping more money into Aegis’s weapons programme.”  
  
## Thargoids  
  
# Theft Ruins New Year Celebration  
  
3305-01-01   
  
The theft of a spectacular work of art has soured New Year festivities for thousands of Federal citizens.  
  
Kioko McGrath, culture correspondent for The Federal Times, reported:  
  
"A colossal holo-sculpture was due to be unveiled at midnight to mark the start of 3305. Inspired by the Federal insignia, the intention was for the sculpture to be visible above Olympus Village, and seen by millions of people.  
  
"But upon activation, the image that materialised was a gigantic cat's face, winking repeatedly. The original holo-sculpture code was later discovered to have vanished.  
  
The Federal Security Service believes the culprit to be the same art thief who stole valuable works on Alioth and Eotienses A 3, both of which were marked with an identical 'winking cat' motif.  
  
There are no leads at present.  
  
## Stolen Artwork Story  
  
## holo-sculpture  
  
## federation  
  
## Kioko McGrath  
  
### The Federal Times  
  
## Sol  
  
### Olympus Village  
  
## Federal Security Service  
  
## Winking Cat  
  
## Connection to  
  
### Alioth  
  
### Eotienses A 3  
  
# Vitadyne Admits Nanomeds of Utopian Origin  
  
3305-01-03   
  
Professor Katrien Rook has responded to Pranav Antal's claim that her company's nanomedicines are of Utopian origin:  
  
"I confess that Vitadyne Labs did not invent the nanomeds, but neither did we steal them. We were approached by independent pilots who discovered a crashed Utopian transport ship. The recovered cargo canisters were clearly medical in nature, so the foragers sold them to us as legitimate salvage.  
  
"I would be happy to return the original cargo to Utopia with our apologies. The new nanomeds that we have created are our property, however, and I insist that we be allowed to continue their manufacture.  
  
Pranav Antal swiftly issued a reply:  
  
"Any derivative nanomedicines must also be returned to us, and production must cease. Our technology cannot be used outside Utopia.  
  
The Interstellar Health Organisation has said that it will review the case and make a decision.  
  
## Nanomachines story  
  
## Professor Katrien Rook  
  
## Neomedical Industries  
  
## Vandermeer Corporation  
  
## Pranav Antal  
  
## utopia  
  
## Interstellar Health Organisation  
  
# Herculean Machines Initiative Concludes  
  
3305-01-03   
  
An initiative run by Herculean Machines, manufacturer of Duradrive personal computers, has now concluded.  
  
Multiple shipments of consumer technology, hardware diagnostic sensors and computer components were delivered to the Blatrimpe system, which will be used to fulfil a large order from the Federal Navy.  
  
Maddox Hurd, the company's CEO, made this statement:  
  
"Once again, I offer my thanks to the galactic community for its support. We're very pleased to become a supplier to the Federal Navy, and we hope that the Duradrive remains in production for a long, long time.  
  
Pilots who took part in the initiative can now collect their rewards from Boltzmann Hub in the Blatrimpe system.  
  
## COMPUTER Rivalry STORY  
  
## community goal end  
  
### Blatrimpe  
  
* Boltzmann Hub  
  
## Herculean Machines  
  
### Duradrive  
  
## supplier to the Federal Navy  
  
## Maddox Hurd  
  
### Herculean Machines CEO  
  
# Supplies for Federal and Imperial Navies  
  
3305-01-03   
  
An open order for military supplies has been placed on behalf of the Federal Navy by the League of Zearla. A spokesperson for the organisation gave the following statement:  
  
"The Federal Navy urgently requires shipments of Battle Weapons, Landmines and Performance Enhancers to be delivered to Payson Hub in the Zearla system.  
  
A parallel operation is being run by Imperial faction the Sirsir Co, which announced:  
  
"The Imperial Navy's logistics division has authorised us to process deliveries of Battle Weapons, Reactive Armour and Imperial Slaves. The drop-off point is Mitchell Hangar in the Sirsir system.  
  
Both initiatives begin on the 3rd of January 3305 and will run for one week. If either initiative meets its targets earlier than planned, that campaign will end immediately.  
  
## community goal start  
  
## League of Zearla  
  
### federation  
  
* Zearla  
    * Payson Hub  
  
## Sirsir Co  
  
### empire  
  
* Sirsir  
    * Mitchell Hangar  
  
# Countdown to Second Distant Worlds Expedition  
  
3305-01-04   
  
Preparations are underway for the second Distant Worlds expedition, which will see a community of explorers cross the galaxy.  
  
Science correspondent Leon Banerjee provided an overview for the Vox Galactica media outlet:  
  
"The first Distant Worlds mission, in 3302, was the largest fleet expedition in history, and saw over a thousand ships travel to Beagle Point and back.  
  
"Distant Worlds II has even loftier ambitions, involving an impressive voyage through the heart of the galaxy, mapping unexplored regions and making new scientific discoveries. It will also involve the construction of a starport dedicated to the study of Sagittarius A*.  
  
"Project leaders Erimus Kamzel and Dr Kaii report that nearly four thousand courageous Commanders will take part, despite the risks involved, in a journey of over 200,000 light years.  
  
Distant Worlds II is scheduled to launch in January 3305, with the complete round trip lasting approximately three hundred days.  
  
## DWE2  
  
## Leon Banerjee  
  
### Science correspondent  
  
* Vox Galactica media outlet  
  
## Beagle Point  
  
## Sagittarius A*  
  
## Project leaders  
  
### Erimus Kamzel  
  
### Dr Kaii  
  
# Nova Imperium Musters Military Forces  
  
3305-01-05   
  
The isolationist group Nova Imperium is reported to be assembling its forces in the Paresa system.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus made this statement:  
  
"We have evidence that this seditious organisation is amassing an armada in its home system. It consists of ships crewed by Imperator Mordanticus's ex-Navy followers, as well as the private vessels of many misguided citizens.  
  
"As Admiral of the Fleet, I order Nova Imperium to disperse its forces immediately or face the consequences.  
  
The Imperial Herald's Cassia Carvalho commented:  
  
"Widespread support for Hadrian Duval has led to Nova Imperium amassing its fleet in a very short time. The challenge for the Imperial Navy is to quash this threat without it being seen as a massacre of Imperial citizens, which can only fuel further rebellion.  
  
## nova imperium  
  
## Paresa  
  
## Senator Denton Patreus  
  
## Imperator Mordanticus  
  
## Cassia Carvalho  
  
### Imperial Herald  
  
## Hadrian Duval  
  
# New FSD Interdictors Renew Legal Debate  
  
3300-10-28   
  
Achilles Aerospace's recently unveiled FSD interdictor product line has prompted Federation-wide renewed calls for frame shift interdiction to be classified as a crime - a proposal strongly rejected by several independent systems in this sector.  
  
A spokesperson for the Achilles division, which specialises in ship modifications, refused to comment on what is becoming a political issue, other than to reveal that sales of the FSD interdictor module are performing beyond expectations.  
  
Security analysts recommend that whilst interdiction remains legal, super cruising pilots should pay attention to vessels approaching from behind, as this is the device's required position to tether the two craft together and begin the process of interdiction.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Fallout from  Sorbago Slave Rebellion  
  
3301-01-10   
  
Last night a relaxed-looking Senator Zemina Torval announced what had happened to the leaders of the Sorbago rebellion in a press conference following the return from her holiday cruise-  
  
“We managed to fight off the Federal rabble rousers due to excellent support from many independent pilots fighting to support the honourable tradition that is Imperial slavery, and I’d like to pass on my thanks to them.”  
  
Production has already restarted, and a small number of slaves that had succumbed to the persuasions of the foreign trouble-makers have now been punished.”  
  
She also commented on the recent uprising in Ongkuma.  
  
"These rabble rousers don't appear to learn very quickly. We will have the system back in working order soon.  
  
Senator Torval has paid generous combat bonds to independent ships that have helped her in large numbers over the last few weeks. It is understood the ringleaders of the Sorbago rebellion were executed.  
  
# Personnel at Obsidian Orbital Confirm Starport Still Operational  
  
3302-01-07   
  
Recent news that Obsidian Orbital had joined the list of malfunctioning starports caused dismay among the galactic community, as the public had played a significant role in the station's construction, but it seems that personnel at the starport are determined to keep it running. A member of the station's technical team released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"The problems at the station have worsened over the past few weeks, but we're determined that Obsidian Orbital won't close. We're working around the clock, and burning through resources, but so far we haven't had to suspend any services.  
  
Despite this achievement, station personnel stressed they had not found a solution to the technological 'plague' blighting the galaxy, which continues to affect starports throughout inhabited space.  
  
# Galactic News: Hyperspace  
  
3303-01-07   
  
Continuing our popular series on significant episodes from human history, noted historian Sima Kalhana discusses the development of the hyperdrive.  
  
"Hyperspace technology originated in the early 22nd Century, but it wasn't until the 2800s that consumer ships began to take advantage of it.  
  
"The first commercially available hyperspace system was known as the 'Faraway Jump'. The Faraway system was far from perfect, however, depending on a complex network of monitoring satellites, branch lines, stop points and rescue stations – which took hundreds of years to establish – to operate smoothly.  
  
"It was around this time the phrase 'witch-space' first appeared, reflecting the inherent dangers of early hyperspace technology and the strange 'corridor' a ship travelled through during a hyperspace jump. Some even believed witch-space was haunted by 'ghosts of ships that went into Faraway and didn't come out again'. It is certainly true that a number of ships never reached their destinations.  
  
"The original hyperdrives were powered by a fuel known as quirium, the formula for which was a closely guarded secret. When this formula was lost, the hyperspace industry suffered a major setback. A number of different drives strove to fill the void left by the quirium drives, but it was the Type 2b that proved most popular. Unfortunately, ships equipped with a 2b left behind a hyperspace 'cloud' at their entry and exit points, making it all too easy for malcontents to track and ambush these vessels.  
  
"In the late 3290s, a new hyperspace system emerged that immediately rendered the Type 2b obsolete. Jump times were reduced to mere seconds, as they had been with quirium drives, without any loss in jump range. Journeys that had hitherto been considered unfeasible were now within the realms of possibility.  
  
"Even today, hyperspace remains poorly understood. Many pilots have reported glimpsing inexplicable lights, and even structures, within the witch-space tunnels. It may be centuries before all of its mysteries are unravelled.  
  
# Thargoid Assault Continues  
  
3304-01-12   
  
Reed's Rest in Merope and Obsidian Orbital in Maia are the latest starports to be targeted by the Thargoids.  
  
Authorities in the affected systems have appealed to independent pilots to deliver foods, water, basic medicines and natural fabrics, and to evacuate civilians from the pertinent starports.  
  
The attack against Obsidian Orbital is likely to dismay the galactic community, as the starport – the result of a community initiative involving thousands of pilots – is seen by many as a symbol of unity.  
  
# Freelance Report: Imperial Factions React to Discovery  
  
3303-01-10   
  
In recent days, a number of pilots have reported being pulled from hyperspace by alien-looking ships. Reactions have ranged from shock and fear to curiosity and excitement.  
  
Influential Imperial groups the Chapterhouse of Inquisition, Lavigny's Legion and the 9th Legion have issued strict no-fire orders to their pilots in the event that they are confronted by these mysterious vessels. The orders follow reports that the ships are not acting aggressively and are simply scanning ships they encounter.  
  
"Under no circumstances should any of our pilots engage these vessels," said Governor Shelby Ortega, speaking from Chapterhouse of Inquisition headquarters in Kamadhenu.  
  
"We do not know their motivations, so to act rashly could have dire consequences. Be mindful that these vessels can seemingly disable ship systems on a whim. We should avoid making enemies of beings we know nothing about.  
  
Commander Jubei Himura  
  
# Crew Missing from Celebrity's Starship  
  
3305-01-10   
  
A luxury star yacht belonging to famous actor Consuela Knight has reached its destination with nobody onboard.  
  
The incident was reported by independent newsfeed The Sovereign:  
  
"Consuela Knight's beautiful ship often attracts admirers when it arrives at a starport. But on this occasion it also brought security forces, since the custom-built private yacht was completely empty.  
  
"Investigators discovered that the ship was in perfect condition with all escape pods intact. There were signs of recent activity, such as unfinished meals and handheld equipment on the floor. Computer records confirmed the crew's presence until a few minutes before arrival, when all five people – including Ms Knight– simultaneously vanished.  
  
"Engineering and hyperspace experts have begun analysing data to unravel this mystery. But there is no reason to believe there are any survivors of this phenomenon.  
  
## Missing Celebrity STORY  
  
## Consuela Knight  
  
## The Sovereign  
  
### newsfeed  
  
## hyperspace  
  
# Mining Special Report  
  
3300-10-30   
  
According to the experts at Wreaken Construction and Mining, all you need is a refinery, a mining laser and a little luck. Most rings in known space are depleted but for the individual there is still some money to be made. The current equipment is not configured to work with ice rings and the best yields will be found on metal rings far from populated space.  
  
Our contact at Universal Cartographics, James Urquhart, was keen to point out that data is available in any of the mapped systems, showing both the type of ring/belt and the level of reserves. Reserves have been categorised from Depleted to Pristine and belt composition comes under one of the four types.  
  
# Bombing of Panem Resumes  
  
3301-01-10   
  
Despite the continuing ‘Oniongate’ protest on the steps of Congress, Admiral Vincent has announced that surface bombing of Panem in the Kappa Fornacis system has resumed, but this time with targeted, genetically engineered biocides to destroy the onionhead crop.  
  
“Automated munitions deployed from orbit, release a gentle mist that then descends on the crop. It is harmless to humans and to other flora and fauna.”  
  
This time, the protests are more muted, and the Shadow President Hudson claimed on the political panel show ‘Face the People’ -  
  
“On the contrary. Now we see the layabouts are more worried about where their next onionhead fix will come from than about the farmers on Panem!”  
  
# The Canonn Searching for Barnacles in the Pleiades  
  
3302-01-08   
  
Dr Arcanonn, head of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, has released a statement to the media:  
  
"For the past four weeks we have been investigating a curious new commodity called 'meta-alloys'. Many of my colleagues believe there is a link between this commodity and the unknown artefacts, as meta-alloys are linked to objects known colloquially as 'large barnacles', which have some artefact-like qualities.  
  
"We have also been conducting a deep planetary survey of Merope, since the UAs point there, looking for anything out of the ordinary. So far, nothing has been found, but I'm now certain that there is a secret to uncover somewhere in the Pleiades, if not in Merope itself.  
  
"My assistant, Socha Korbemile, insists that we will find large barnacles in the Pleiades, and I am convinced this is worth investigating. So I urge all commanders with planetary landing suites to scour the planets of the Pleiades for these large barnacles. They must be studied!  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# New Technology from Aegis  
  
3304-01-12   
  
Aegis has expanded its roster of anti-Thargoid technologies with a new device – the decontamination limpet. The device is specifically designed to counter the caustic properties of Thargoid missiles.  
  
In a statement, an Aegis spokesperson said:  
  
“As we know, the Thargoids’ enzyme missiles are particularly dangerous because of the caustic damage they inflict. The decontamination limpet is designed to address this by stripping the corrosive enzymes from a ship’s hull while also performing limited repairs.”  
  
“We have rigorously field tested the device and are confident that it will give pilots a distinct defensive advantage.”  
  
The decontamination limpet can be purchased from planetary bases with military, high-tech, refinery, industrial or extraction-level economies.  
  
# Federal President Clarifies Approach to Onionhead  
  
3301-01-11   
  
In an attempt to quell the clamour for her resignation President Jasmina Halsey has tried to clarify the rift between the Admiral of the Fleet, Admiral Vincent, and her office.  
  
“Admiral Vincent runs our Navy, and I run the government. From time to time, he gives me a status report on naval operations, and we discuss issues of importance to the Federation. On the events in Kappa Fornacis the Admiral acted unilaterally, and simply reported his actions after the orders had been carried out. It is not my role to interfere with naval operations, but I do expect to be consulted when decisions of such import are made.”  
  
Political pundits are speculating that this carefully worded speech she read out must have been the results of negotiations between the Navy and Halsey’s office. They are rumoured to detest each other, and the friendship between the Shadow President and Admiral Vincent has doubtless not gone unnoticed.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Empire Engages Nova Imperium  
  
3305-01-10   
  
The Empire has entered a state of conflict with the isolationist group Nova Imperium in the Paresa system.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus announced:  
  
"The loyal Imperials of Yupini Limited have engaged the isolationists' illegal armada. We call upon Imperial auxiliaries to support our allies and destroy the Nova Imperium fleet.  
  
Imperator Mordanticus, leader of Nova Imperium, has requested the support of the galactic community:  
  
"Nova Imperium's survival depends upon winning this battle. I urge all those who believe that Hadrian Duval should be the Emperor to support us.  
  
The two factions have set out week-long campaigns to overcome their foes, which will begin on the 10th of January 3305.  
  
## nova imperium  
  
## Paresa  
  
## Senator Denton Patreus  
  
## Yupini Limited  
  
## community goal start  
  
## Hadrian Duval  
  
## Imperator Mordan  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Emperor is a Sick Man  
  
3300-12-06   
  
Arguably the most powerful person in the galaxy, Emperor Hengist Duval, is sick.  
  
He has ruled the Empire now for 67 years since his coronation in 3233 following the death of his father, Hesketh Duval.  
  
Emperor Hengist is only 118, born only a week before the death of his grandfather, Hender Saik Duval. Some say Hender's spirit had already transferred to Hengist at that time.  
  
The Duval Imperial line has been unbroken for almost a thousand years. There have been power struggles in the past, but the usurpers have been successfully dealt with behind closed doors.  
  
This time is different.  
  
Hengist has been not involved himself in politics for a long time, relying on his Chancellor, Senator Blaine and has taken a laissez faire attitude towards a handful of increasingly powerful and ambitious Senators whilst Harold, the current heir, quickly made a name for himself as a feckless playboy.  
  
The warlike Senator Denton Patreus, last seen trying to destabilise the Eranin system during the conflict surrounding its 30th Anniversary of Independence from the Federation, continues his manipulative power-broking in the galaxy at large.  
  
The preposterously rich Senator Zemina Torval is using her slaver corporation supporters and personal fleet of Majestic-class Interdictors to suppress revolts and to further her ambitions.  
  
Commentators expect others to show their hand, too.  
  
Much like in Imperial Rome on ancient Earth, Senators determine the tax rates of their supporters and both Patreus and Torval have become hugely popular back home as they have each used their huge wealth to lower taxation to zero.  
  
There is a real prospect of the next Emperor not being a Duval. And the bitter fight for succession is about to spill out into the open.  
  
Meanwhile, the Federation and Alliance of Independent Systems are watching with keen interest.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-01-10   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
Descartes Station, Neche  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Frobisher Terminal, Yimakuapa  
  
Maia Point, Maia  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
Roentgen Hub, LFT 37  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Vela Port, Amarak  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Weyn Dock, 64 Arietis  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
Gilmour Orbiter, Tau Ceti  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Birkhoff Station, Chnemine  
  
Bohr Prospect, Kisatsya  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis  
  
Hahn Gateway, Nanomam  
  
Haisheng Orbital, HR 8474  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
Williamson Hub, Kogich  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3302-01-08   
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon signed a trade agreement with the Partha system this week, bringing the total number of Alliance-aligned trade centres to 86. Profitability throughout the Alliance trade network remains the envy of all other powers.  
  
President Zachary Hudson's Federal fleet set a new record by delivering more garrison supplies to naval bases in a single week than ever before. This valiant effort brought an end to nearly a month of contraction, wherein a total of six naval bases were abandoned.  
  
Shadow President Felicia Winters retained a stable hold on her domain, neither gaining nor losing influence with any system. The coming week could bring three additional systems under her sway. Extensive aid campaigns are underway in Chireni, HIP 47328, and Hyades sector EB-X D1-110. Each of these systems would be a strong contributor to the Shadow President's plans for the future.  
  
Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval had an uncommonly quiet week, allowing excess resources to carry over to this week. Several systems are currently vying for the security services offered by the Shield of Justice. Resources are limited, and the Shield of Justice may only be extended to four or five systems in the weeks to come. The Kartenes system is currently subject to Shield of Justice patrols.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval has long enjoyed relative peace in her domain, but systems occasionally leave her list of supporters. Such is the case this week with Ienpalang, an Imperial system known primarily for its agriculture and tourism. It is rumoured that the system's leadership desires to return the institution of Imperial slavery to prominence, contrary to Aisling's ethos, although Princess Aisling has yet to publicly comment on the situation.  
  
Sirius Gov CEO Li Yong-Rui was able to return Sirius to a state of solvency this week. A total of six systems were cut from the Sirius portfolio over the past four weeks, but now that Sirius is back in the black, it is likely Li Yong-Rui will attempt to re-establish relationships with some of those systems.  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal may have foreseen a day when Utopian enclaves were established in 45 systems, but few outside the commune ever thought it possible. Against the odds, the once-quiet commune now holds sway in 45 influential systems, enveloping nearly 113 billion inhabitants – a remarkable achievement for a fledgling power that emphasizes peaceful interaction.  
  
Senator Zemina Torval sold off controlling interests in Nerthus this week, allowing her enterprises to cover other liabilities, and leaving some command capital for future investment. Shrewd investment will be required to keep Torval's business profitable.  
  
Pirate Lord Archon Delaine quietly busied himself with spreading discord in 23 Delta Piscis Austrini and HIP 103138. Insurrections are currently underway in both systems, and no new strongholds were established by the Kumo Crew this week.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus encountered record resistance this week, preventing his fleets from securing the Contie and Yankas systems. The senator's financial situation also took a turn for the worse, leading to turmoil in six control systems. If the economic situation in Patreus's territory remains doesn't improve, his fleets could lose their berths in Guguroro, HIP 13841, HIP 98211, Lao Zi, LTT 47, and Shonso.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# Thargoid Assault Continues  
  
3304-01-13   
  
Reed's Rest in Merope and Obsidian Orbital in Maia are the latest starports to be targeted by the Thargoids.  
  
Authorities in the affected systems have appealed to independent pilots to deliver foods, water, basic medicines and natural fabrics, and to evacuate civilians from the pertinent starports.  
  
The attack against Obsidian Orbital is likely to dismay the galactic community, as the starport – the result of a community initiative involving thousands of pilots – is seen by many as a symbol of unity.  
  
# Federal Vice President Dies in Swimming Accident  
  
3301-01-12   
  
In a shocking development on Mars, Federal Vice President Nigel Smeaton was discovered dead in his private swimming pool at his luxury apartment on the foothills of Mount Olympus. A heart attack is suspected, but an investigation is ongoing.  
  
The news will come as another blow to an already beleaguered President who some pundits claim is considering resigning her post.  
  
A new VP will have to be appointed, and several senior Congressmen have suddenly been giving doorstep speeches to get themselves in the public eye.  
  
# Federal and Imperial Campaigns End  
  
3305-01-10   
  
Supply campaigns for the Federal and Imperial navies have concluded successfully, with traders delivering large amounts of military provisions.  
  
The League of Zearla, acting on behalf of the Federal Navy, stated:  
  
"Many thanks to all the pilots who came through for the Federation. You can now collect your rewards at Payson Hub in the Zearla system.  
  
An announcement was also made by the Sirsir Co, which coordinated a similar supply campaign for the Imperial Navy:  
  
"You have performed a great service for the Empire. Payments have been authorised at Mitchell Hangar in the Sirsir system.  
  
Marquis Felix Novantico, a retired military strategist, commented:  
  
"Tensions caused by Nova Imperium have triggered much activity of this kind. But for the Federation to do the same suggests concern about a potentially hostile Empire, should Hadrian Duval claim the throne.  
  
## community goal end  
  
### ...  
  
## League of Zearla  
  
### federation  
  
* Zearla  
    * Payson Hub  
  
## Sirsir Co  
  
### empire  
  
* Sirsir  
    * Mitchell Hangar  
  
## Marquis Felix Novantico  
  
### retired military strategist  
  
## nova imperium  
  
## Hadrian Duval  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Rise of Crimson State  
  
3300-12-12   
  
There have been some interesting goings on in the Lugh system, which was a peaceful, Federally controlled system until last week.  
  
Then CMDR orfeboy started acting as agent provocateur for the Crimson State Group.  
  
"Over the centuries those who could moved to the Lugh system to be closer to their point of attention and an underground following has grown over the centuries into now what is a sizable minority faction in this system.  
  
Always persecuted and hunted in the past they have established themselves now as a force within the system where each and every right they posses had to be fought and worked for. But they will accept repression no more.  
  
Now we want what is rightfully ours! The worship of the great God Lugh will no longer be oppressed and we will have dominance in this sector and eject the oppressive Federation out of this system declaring an independent Lugh!  
  
We call on all ships for support.  
  
Come to Lugh. Only do missions for the 'Crimson State Group'.  
  
We need guns and weapons to gather forces for our uprising.  
  
Our numbers are few but our resolve steadfast!  
  
We will not fail. We cannot fail. We must not fail!  
  
With the help of many others, his campaign has seen Crimson State’s influence rise in the system from being a minor faction to such an extent that at the time of writing the system is on the brink of civil war.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-01-10   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
Descartes Station, Neche  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Frobisher Terminal, Yimakuapa  
  
Maia Point, Maia  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
Roentgen Hub, LFT 37  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Vela Port, Amarak  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Weyn Dock, 64 Arietis  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
Gilmour Orbiter, Tau Ceti  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Birkhoff Station, Chnemine  
  
Bohr Prospect, Kisatsya  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis  
  
Hahn Gateway, Nanomam  
  
Haisheng Orbital, HR 8474  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
Williamson Hub, Kogich  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-01-09   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,997 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Xingait Transport Limited  
  
HIP 116377 Group  
  
Akenates Empire League  
  
Namago Commodities  
  
HIP 94926 Partnership  
  
LTT 9156 Empire Party  
  
Ki Laufey Universal PLC  
  
Malae Exchange  
  
Tojo Industries  
  
Nangpo Empire Group  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# New Technology from Aegis  
  
3304-01-13   
  
Aegis has expanded its roster of anti-Thargoid technologies with a new device – the decontamination limpet. The device is specifically designed to counter the caustic properties of Thargoid missiles.  
  
In a statement, an Aegis spokesperson said:  
  
“As we know, the Thargoids’ enzyme missiles are particularly dangerous because of the caustic damage they inflict. The decontamination limpet is designed to address this by stripping the corrosive enzymes from a ship’s hull while also performing limited repairs.”  
  
“We have rigorously field tested the device and are confident that it will give pilots a distinct defensive advantage.”  
  
The decontamination limpet can be purchased from planetary bases with military, high-tech, refinery, industrial or extraction-level economies.  
  
# Vitadyne Nanomedicines Prompt Ethical Dilemma  
  
3305-01-14   
  
The Interstellar Health Organisation (IHO) is currently reviewing Vitadyne Labs's nanomedicines, which the company has admitted are based on advanced technology developed by Utopia.  
  
Healthcare analyst Dr Himari Grey discussed the situation via Vox Galactica:  
  
"There are always ethical considerations when approving new medicines. But in this case the IHO has more to consider than usual, not least Pranav Antal's formal complaint that replicating Utopian technology without permission is tantamount to theft.  
  
"Many in the medical community argue that it is selfish of Utopia to hoard such revolutionary medicines. As these nanomeds are capable of treating many illnesses and injuries, surely the potential health benefits outweigh questions of ownership.  
  
"On the other hand, investors have already pumped millions of credits into Vitadyne Labs, convinced that profits will run into the billions if these nanomeds become the galaxy's hottest new commodity. If that happens, only the very wealthy will be able to afford Vitadyne's product.  
  
## Nanomachines story  
  
## Interstellar Health Organisation  
  
## utopia  
  
## Simguru Pranav Antal  
  
## Vitadyne Labs  
  
## Dr Himari Grey  
  
### Healthcare analyst  
  
# The Chancellor Speaks Out  
  
3300-12-13   
  
The Imperial Palace has issued a statement saying that while the Emperor is unwell, it is not as serious as many commentators are suggesting. Nevertheless speculation is rife. The Chancellor, Senator Anders Blaine, has tried to quell the speculation.  
  
"The great Emperor Hengist has not involved himself in the detail of politics for a long time. It is a terrible loss for us all that he is unwell, but even if the worst does come and our beloved Emperor passes away, we will have a coronation, we will have a spectacular ceremony and some great parties, but nothing will really change. The Senate and I will continue to run the Empire.  
  
It is said that actions speak louder than words, and it has been noted that many shipyards throughout Imperial space appear to be concentrating on bringing numerous Imperial Interdictors run by key Senators to battle readiness with full squadrons of fighters. This is highlighted by the reduced number of new ships they are completing on the open market.  
  
All five of the slaver Senator Torval's 'enforcers' – giant battle-hardened Interdictors – have left port, and her luxuriously equipped Majestic Class yacht "Xanadu", which still packs a punch, is ready to travel at a moment's notice. Senator Patreus's fleet is also mobilised, though this is not so unusual, but we expect some fireworks in the next few weeks.  
  
Meanwhile in the Federation, another vote in Congress has gone against besieged President Halsey. She has been forced to remove her block on the Navy's latest budget. Shadow President Hudson declared this a major victory.  
  
"Finally our once great Navy can operate again. Belatedly our heroes can return to full pay, and we can start to bring our fleet out of mothballs. Our Frontier States can once again see the justification for their taxes, and the powerful support we can bring to them.  
  
We couldn't get a comment from the Alliance leadership, but we did manage to speak to a junior aide who wanted to remain unnamed.  
  
"It's depressing they're at it again. I thought Halsey was better than that. Doubtless millions will die, and there's not much the Alliance can do except broker the odd meaningless set of peace talks after they've had at each other.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Changes Brewing in the Lugh System  
  
3301-01-13   
  
We’ve received reports from the Lugh system of the Federal backed Lugh for Equality faction losing ground in the political struggle with the rising Crimson State Group. According to opinion polls support for the Crimson State Group independence movement has risen to over 66%. The staggering increase in influence has seen them victorious in a civil war against the Lugh Defence Force and thereby gaining control of the Balandin Gateway starport. Observers indicate that the group’s success is due to a huge level of support from independent pilots.  
  
Financial forecasters are also astounded at the volume of trading by the Crimson State Group and are now predicting an economic boom for them. This can only come as more bad news for the beleaguered system owners. The question on everyone’s lips is how will the Federation respond to this? Especially considering rumours of other Federal systems seeking independence.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-01-11   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic Base-Jumping Open Begins  
  
3302-01-10   
  
The first annual Galactic Base-Jumping Open will take place on Planet 1 in the Njokujinun system at lat -13 long -128. Emergency and first aid can be found at Nyberg Vision Station.  
  
Base-jump champion Commander Burias will be on site to authorize jumps. The final will be a 7.5 km + category qualification event, and points will therefore count toward the start of next season. There will be awards for best crash, longest freefall and best galactic base jump.  
  
The event will be overseen by Commander MeglaManiac will oversee proceedings.  
  
Commander PeachSlicesV  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-01-17   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
The Pit, Pennsylvania  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Bell Orbital, Gilya  
  
Collins Station, Huichi  
  
# Flashpoint for Nova Imperium  
  
3305-01-14   
  
Political journalist Cassia Carvalho has reported on the current conflict with isolationist group Nova Imperium:  
  
"In recent weeks, Nova Imperium has become a genuine political force. Tensions have now erupted into open conflict in the Paresa system, with Imperial Navy auxiliaries attempting to destroy Nova Imperium's fleet.  
  
"In return, Imperator Mordanticus has called on the galactic community to fight for Emperor Hengist's long-lost grandson Hadrian Duval to be recognised as an heir to the throne.  
  
"Whether this is a one-off battle or the beginning of an Imperial civil war, the outcome of the Battle of Paresa will influence the future of the Empire.  
  
## nova imperium  
  
## empire  
  
## Cassia Carvalho  
  
### Political journalist  
  
## Paresa  
  
## Imperator Mordanticus  
  
## Hadrian Duval  
  
# Slave Rebellion in Sorbago  
  
3300-12-16   
  
Rumours of the slave rebellion in the Sorbago system have been confirmed. In a speech to business leaders, pro-slavery Senator Zemina Torval denied sending two of her personal Majestic Class Interdictors, the Boudica and the Elizabeth, to put down the revolt, but said:  
  
"They have gone to Sorbago to help the local mining corporation keep the peace and to keep out the external forces that are trying to create a conflict.  
  
Reports suggested the slaves are not being treated according to Imperial Law.  
  
Torval has announced generous payments to those that help her, and has criticised the barbaric treatment of unregulated slaves outside the Empire in the past.  
  
"I will personally sponsor any unregulated slaves brought to Synteini, Shinigami, Quile, LTT 9810, Tau-2 Gruis A, Naunei, and Tepertsi to be given full Imperial Rights and treated as Imperial Slaves.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Engineers Reduce Requirements  
  
3303-01-11   
  
The galaxy's independent engineers have announced a joint accord designed to make enhancements for civilian spacecraft more affordable. A spokesperson confirmed the accord was intended to ensure the safety of independent pilots traversing the space lanes.  
  
As a consequence, independent engineers will no longer require commodities in order to upgrade modules and weapons – only materials will be needed.  
  
Meanwhile, in a fortunate turn of events, analysts have reported that the market value of a number of commodities has risen. Consequently, pilots seeking to offload commodities can do so profitably.  
  
# Suspicions raised over VP Death  
  
3301-01-13   
  
Fresh revelations have added uncertainty to reports Vice President Smeaton’s death due to a suspected heart attack.  
  
Retrieved data from the security systems at his apartment indicate they were not functioning at the time. It’s also been revealed that he completed a clean full medical scan in his private scanner only an hour before his death.  
  
His partner Alder Simons, who was not there at the time, believes Smeaton was murdered. He explained there were other irregularities such as the apartment appearing to have just been cleaned.  
  
The mystery deepened with the revelation that six minutes of the satellite surveillance data for the area appeared to have been distorted by electromagnetic interference. This does happen from time to time, but rarely in calm weather conditions such as those on the night of the Vice President’s death.  
  
# Federal President Declares Plant an Illegal Narcotic  
  
3300-12-16   
  
The Federal President Jasmina Halsey has declared the newly discovered rare narcotic 'Onionhead' illegal throughout Federal space. Onionhead is the fruit of an alien plant, only grown on Panem in the independent Kappa Fornacis system.  
  
Halsey has said she is concerned by the effect it is having on Federal youth in that part of the galaxy.  
  
"We must be strong and protect our youth from vile substances that are rotting their minds. This is why I have taken this difficult step.  
  
# Slave Revolt in Ongkuma Crushed  
  
3301-01-14   
  
Following a surprise move from the Ongkuma Progressive Party withdrawing their support for the slave rebellion, the last of the rebels have been killed or captured. In a statement Senator Torval declared -  
  
“Once again the machinations of Federal agitators have been defeated. They will never learn. They deceived some of our loyal citizens into supporting their actions, but now they have publicly admitted their fault, in this instance we will be magnanimous.”  
  
She also praised the actions of the many independent pilots who once again supported her campaign.  
  
Commentators have expressed their support for the Senator’s merciful action. The Onguma Progressive Party has long been a part of the system’s political landscape and their survival – even in a reduced form it continues the traditions of this system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-01-12   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,246 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Green Party of Upsilon Andromedae  
  
Labour of Juan  
  
Kons Exchange  
  
Albango Ltd  
  
Yukan Patrons of Law  
  
Revolutionary Party of Kaline  
  
Tjalkond Purple Mob  
  
Crimson Major Organisation  
  
Coalition of Uluri  
  
LP 462-13 Gold Society  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,293 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Independent LHS 22 Revolutionary Party  
  
Arevakimos Hand Gang  
  
LTT 9846 Boys  
  
Aruan Universal Commodities  
  
Nyalalandi Blue Allied Network  
  
DK Ursae Majoris Natural Exchange  
  
Li Jungu Central Industries  
  
Aranka Advanced Co  
  
Itzamnets Empire Pact  
  
MCC 378 Vision Incorporated  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Fuel Rats Complete 20,000th Rescue  
  
3303-01-12   
  
On the 7th of January 3303, the Fuel Rats successfully completed their 20,000th rescue since their foundation in June 3301. The milestone was reached during a busy weekend that saw the group complete a total of 230 rescues. Sources at Fuel Rats headquarters in the Fuelum system linked the spike in cases to curiosity surrounding reported sightings of non-human spacecraft.  
  
The Fuel Rats Mischief, an auxiliary wing of the Fuel Rats, revealed that the 20,000th rescue took place in the Alrai Sector, with Commanders Esxste, FightingCookie and Hillbillypolenta flying out to rescue the stranded pilot. The group also paid tribute to Commander Termite Altair, who has completed an unprecedented 750 successful rescues.  
  
When asked about reports of alien ships, a Fuel Rats spokesperson said the group would remain true to its policy of neutrality and give fuel to non-human vessels if requested.  
  
Tivec  
  
# HIP 17692 Operation Concludes  
  
3304-01-18   
  
Admiral Denton Patreus has announced that the joint Federal-Imperial operation in the HIP 17692 system has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by eliminating Thargoids in the system and by rescuing people from Thargoid attack sites. Those rescued during the operation are now recovering at Blackmount Orbital.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Admiral Denton Patreus released the following statement:  
  
“This campaign would not have succeeded without the support of the galaxy’s independent combat pilots, to whom we all owe a debt of gratitude. Thanks are also due to the Merope Expeditionary Fleet and the Pleiades Resource Enterprise for coordinating the campaign. But while we may have won the battle, we still have a long way to go if we are to liberate our galaxy from this alien menace.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Blackmount Orbital in the HIP 17692 system.  
  
# Vitadyne Nanomedicines Gain Legal Approval  
  
3305-01-17   
  
The Interstellar Health Organisation (IHO) has approved Vitadyne Labs's nanomedicines as a legal medical product. A spokesperson for the IHO said:  
  
"We accept that this product is based on nanomedicines developed by Utopia, as asserted by Simguru Pranav Antal. But our ruling is that because they were obtained as lawful salvage, the nanomeds recreated by Vitadyne Labs are its intellectual property.  
  
"All restrictions have been lifted, with the caveat that distribution must be handled by an established pharmaceutical company. This will ensure that strict healthcare protocols can be applied at every stage.  
  
Professor Katrien Rook told the media she was happy to comply with the Interstellar Health Organisation's conditions.  
  
## Nanomachines story  
  
## Interstellar Health Organisation  
  
## utopia  
  
## Simguru Pranav Antal  
  
## Vitadyne Labs  
  
## Professor Katrien Rook  
  
# Sanna and Dulos Independence Movement News  
  
3301-01-14   
  
In contrasting news reports from the Sanna and Dulos systems, reporters revealed the latest on the independence movements in those systems.  
  
The Federal-supporting factions in the Sanna system are comfortably holding their ground and local commentators believe that their efforts to leave the Federation will soon collapse.  
  
In Dulos the independence movement has gained more traction thanks to the efforts of the Dulos Defence Party and their supporters. It is reported that independent pilots from around the region are providing support for both sides in the struggle.  
  
## Federation  
  
# The Worlds Beyond  
  
3302-01-12   
  
Utopian delegates returned today from the first symposium of the Pioneers Cooperative, a group dedicated to supporting expansion into uninhabited space. Also attending were representatives from Loren's Legion, Communism Interstellar, the Black Birds Squadron, Aisling's Angels, the Canonn, the Independent Pilots Consortium, Emperor's Grace, the Mercs of Mikunn, United German Commanders, EXO, the First Great Expedition, the Code, Adle's Armada, the Guardians of Harmony, CHIMERA, the Distant Worlds Admins and the Hutton Orbital Truckers.  
  
"To live is to grow, and mankind must push ever outwards", said one attending Utopian explorer. "Humanity has come here today, unified, under a banner of progress, and Utopia is proud to add its support to this noble venture. Our commune in Takurua demonstrated that expansion beyond the core systems is possible, and the success of Obsidian Orbital in Maia shows that mankind has a shared desire to expand the frontiers of human space and scientific understanding.  
  
Commander Gan  
  
Utopia News Network | Interstellar Press  
  
# Eliminating Slavers in Guuguyni  
  
3304-01-18   
  
Princess Aisling Duval has announced plans to fund a peacekeeping operation in the Guuguyni system. The operation's primary purpose is to neutralise an illegal slave-trading ring in the region.  
  
Princess Duval released the following statement, elaborating on the nature of the campaign:  
  
"Illegal slavery is an abhorrent practice that negates its victim's fundamental human rights. The amoral profiteers operating in Guuguyni must be stopped.  
  
The Guuguyni Empire Consulate has been authorised to oversee the campaign, and has pledged to reward pilots who hand in bounty vouchers at Shen Terminal in the Guuguyni system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 18th of January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Patreus Helping Oppressed Rebels in Jera  
  
3300-12-17   
  
In a move that is sure to worry some independent governments, Senator Denton Patreus has announced his forces have been sent to aid the long-suffering rebels in the Jera system.  
  
He answered questions on the steps of the Imperial Opera House on Conversion in the Achenar system.  
  
"The left-leaning government in Jera has long been oppressing hard-working minorities. This is the fundamental problem with democracy - the bullying of the aspirational minority by the indolent majority. That bullying has to stop.  
  
# Community Goal: Conflict in Parun  
  
3303-01-12   
  
It has been several weeks since conflict was reported between the Empire and the Federation, following months of hostility between the two superpowers. The last incident connected to the Empire-Federation rift was a clash between the Pleiades Resource Enterprise and the Ant Hill Mob in November. Since then, there have been no reports of conflict.  
  
But intelligence recovered from the Parun system indicates that Laksmii Jet Power Industries, an Empire-aligned organisation, has devised a plot to smuggle quantities of personal weapons, explosives and reactive armour into Underwood Port. It is understood that Imperial agents based in the system will use these items to conduct guerrilla attacks against the Independents of Parun, the system's controlling faction.  
  
Having received word of this plot, the Independents of Parun has placed bounties on all Laksmii Jet Power Industries ships operating in Parun in the hope of thwarting the operation. Both factions have appealed to the galactic community for support, promising to reward pilots who support their campaigns.  
  
The rival operations begin on the 12th of January 3303 and will run for one week. If either organisation achieves its aims earlier than planned, the operations will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Nova Imperium Defeated in Paresa System  
  
3305-01-17   
  
The conflict in the Paresa system has ended with Nova Imperium being defeated by Imperial organisation Yupini Limited.  
  
As the conflict drew to a close, Senator Denton Patreus made the following statement:  
  
"With the aid of our loyal Imperial auxiliaries, the isolationists' forces have been significantly depleted. Let this be a warning to others – the Empire will not tolerate insurrection.  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict can now collect their rewards from Dyson City in the Paresa system.  
  
## nova imperium  
  
## empire  
  
## Senator Denton Patreus  
  
## Yupini Limited  
  
### Imperial faction  
  
## community goal end  
  
### Paresa  
  
* Dyson City  
  
# Farmer's Leader Accuses President of Victimisation  
  
3300-12-17   
  
Georgio Algeria, the spokesman for the Farmer's Union in the Kappa Fornacis system, has spoken out at the Federal President's declaration that Onionhead, the main export from the Kappa Fornacis system, be illegal.  
  
At a press conference on Panem he said:  
  
"Onionhead is great, cool. Loved across the galaxy. We make it, you eat it. Don't eat it if you don't want it. Call yourself President! We will keep making it and you will keep eating it. It's what we do. It's all we do.  
  
Algeria would not be drawn on it in public, but it is clear the President's controversial actions have spread publicity for Onionhead far and wide and demand is higher than ever on the black market.  
  
# Aisling Duval Objects to Grandfather’s Marriage  
  
3301-01-15   
  
Aisling Duval has lodged an objection to the marriage of her grandfather, the Emperor to Florence Lavigny. Coming out of the Office for Marriage with her Lawyer she read a prepared statement from a cue -  
  
“I have lodged a formal objection to my grandfather marrying his fancy woman not for love, not for marriage itself, but to change the succession without having to appear in the Senate. That’s all I’ve got to say at this time.”  
  
This unusual action will trigger a hearing of the Marriage Council in the next few days. They will review and make a decision on the validity of her objection. Experts we have spoken to believe it is unlikely to succeed.  
  
# The Achenar Challenge  
  
3302-01-12   
  
The Imperial capital system of Achenar has recently attracted the attention of thrill-seeking Commanders of the Pilots Federation. Achenar's third planet has become a proving ground where bragging rights are earned in what is known as the 'Achenar Challenge'.  
  
Proctor Ulrich von Braun, whose only concern until recently was the safety of Imperial Naval Academy students during high-g training, posted the following advisory:  
  
"The force of gravity on the surface of Achenar 3 is approximately 6.7 times that of Earth. Any who wish to hazard this so-called 'Achenar Challenge' are advised that they do so at their own risk. Pilots accustomed to landing on planets in the 3-4 g range are much more likely to alight here safely. Underestimate Achenar 3 and you may never leave.  
  
Over 100 craft have crashed on Achenar 3 since mid December.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-01-13   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Appeal for Materials Concludes  
  
3303-01-12   
  
A spokesperson for Balones Gold Touch Systems has announced that its appeal for materials has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Tiedemann Dock, the organisation's base of operations.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released the following statement:  
  
"Balones Gold Touch Systems extends its deepest gratitude to the galactic community for its support.  
  
"We know you have questions, but we make you no promises. It will take time to develop these devices. And even when the probes are despatched, we may find nothing. But anything we do discover, we will readily share with the galactic community.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Tiedemann Dock in the Balones system.  
  
# Simbad Regime Campaign  
  
3304-01-18   
  
The Simbad Regime was established over a year ago, and has enjoyed consistent growth with the support of Commanders across the galaxy. Now the group has announced plans to construct a new asteroid base among the rings of Nu Tauri 5.  
  
In support of this goal, the Simbad Regime has placed an open order for quantities of explosives, beryllium, aluminium and tea.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released the following statement:  
  
“In order to secure the support of the galactic community, we are offering generous rewards to pilots who deliver materials to Parmitano Terminal in the Nu Tauri system.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 18th of January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# HIP 17692 Operation Concludes  
  
3304-01-19   
  
Admiral Denton Patreus has announced that the joint Federal-Imperial operation in the HIP 17692 system has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by eliminating Thargoids in the system and by rescuing people from Thargoid attack sites. Those rescued during the operation are now recovering at Blackmount Orbital.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Admiral Denton Patreus released the following statement:  
  
“This campaign would not have succeeded without the support of the galaxy’s independent combat pilots, to whom we all owe a debt of gratitude. Thanks are also due to the Merope Expeditionary Fleet and the Pleiades Resource Enterprise for coordinating the campaign. But while we may have won the battle, we still have a long way to go if we are to liberate our galaxy from this alien menace.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Blackmount Orbital in the HIP 17692 system.  
  
# Distant Worlds Initiative  
  
3305-01-17   
  
The Omega Mining Corporation has requested deliveries of raw materials for a new Orbis starport, to be built in the heart of the galaxy.  
  
The construction of the starport constitutes part of the ambitious Distant Worlds II expedition. Project leader Erimus Kamzel told the media:  
  
"The Distant Worlds fleet is privileged to be at the forefront of this ambitious industrial and scientific initiative – humanity's first starport in the Galactic Centre region.  
  
Independent miners are invited to deliver shipments of Indite, Gallite, Praseodymium and Cobalt to Omega Mining Operation in the Omega Sector VE-Q b5-15 system.  
  
In order to protect traders, the Omega Mining Corporation has also placed kill orders on all ships on its wanted list.  
  
The initiative begins on the 17th of January 3305 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## DWE2  
  
## Omega Mining Corporation  
  
## community goal start  
  
### Mining  
  
### Combat  
  
## Omega Sector VE-Q b5-15  
  
## Erimus Kamzel  
  
### Project lead  
  
# Patreus Declares Zero Taxation  
  
3300-12-18   
  
In a popular move, Senator Denton Patreus has announced the already low tax regime for all Imperial Citizens under his patronage will be lowered to zero. Before boarding his private yacht he said to reporters present:  
  
"It is the duty of the successful to provide well for their loyal supporters. Our many successes abroad have brought us vast wealth. I take pride that those under my patronage get the best medical care, the best assistance if they fall on hard times, and because of their support in the past, the lowest taxes.  
  
Patreus is said to earn vast sums in interest payments on the many loans he has made to foreign governments to buy Imperial weaponry, which he also supplies.  
  
# Celebrity Daughter of Heir Declares Slavery Dishonourable  
  
3300-12-18   
  
Aisling Duval, arguably second in line for the throne if her parents were married, spoke out against slavery on the chat show 'Celebrity Pets', particularly the rebellion in Sorbago.  
  
"We should accept that in this 34th century, this is a barbaric practice for people of honour. We should free the slaves in Sorbago. And for that matter Ngun, Eta Horologii, Kuyu, and Cemiess right away. This will happen anyway when my father becomes Emperor.  
  
There has been some discussion among commentators that Aisling now appears to be speaking for her father. Senator Torval said in an off-the-cuff remark while leaving an awards ceremony:  
  
"Well I suppose her soak of a father can't speak for himself any more. At least she could read the names of a few systems she had been given on a note. It would have been better if she could have been told how to pronounce them!  
  
# Major Corporation Declares Independence  
  
3301-01-15   
  
In a shock move the Purple Netcoms Holdings Corporation has declared itself as independent and have called on commanders to help it to withdraw the Sugrivik system from the Federation.  
  
The CEO of the company angrily denounced the recent tax rises by President Halsey and claiming that her actions are a direct blow to the viability of the corporation and the well-being of its population.  
  
“These tax rises put people’s jobs on the line and we are not going to let a President without any working knowledge of the economy ruins our lives or livelihood!”  
  
Responding to the statement a representative of Sugrivik Labour condemned the declaration and affirmed their support for the President, without explicitly supporting the tax rises.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Sirius Corporation Confirms Discovery of Antares Wreckage  
  
3302-01-13   
  
A few months ago, the Sirius Corporation launched a search for the remains of the Antares, an innovative passenger liner that disappeared during its maiden voyage over fifty years ago. The search resulted in the accumulation of thousands of tonnes of space-borne debris, which was then subjected to rigorous analysis by the Sirius Corporation to determine its origin. The result of that analysis has now been announced: the remains of the Antares have been found. Li Yong-Rui, CEO of Sirius Gov, released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"Words cannot adequately express how delighted I am with this outcome. I was always hopeful we would find the remains of the Antares, and I am very pleased to have my optimism validated. I would like to thank all those at the Sirius Corporation that have worked so tirelessly to analyse the recovered debris over the past few weeks.  
  
Li Yong-Rui went on to speculate about the implications of the discovery:  
  
"The wreckage appears to confirm that the component failure described in the ship's final status report did indeed result in the destruction of the Antares. My hope is that by subjecting the wreckage to further analysis, we will be able to determine exactly what caused the malfunction and apply this knowledge to the development of new safety protocols. With luck, we will be able to reintroduce the innovative drive technology used aboard the Antares. This discovery could serve as the catalyst for a whole new era of interplanetary travel.  
  
# Galactic News: Superpowers Respond to Strange Sightings  
  
3303-01-13   
  
Following reports of mysterious spacecraft in human-inhabited space, the leaders of the galaxy's three superpowers have released official statements.  
  
Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval, currently undertaking a tour of Imperial systems, exhibited reservation:  
  
"To surmise that these encounters constitute proof of the existence of non-human intelligence would be rash in the extreme. We cannot rule out the possibility that these ships could be experimental human spacecraft, or even the product of an intricate hoax. I urge all Imperial citizens to remain calm, and not to leap to conclusions.  
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson, meanwhile, struck a characteristically strident tone:  
  
"I have reviewed the footage submitted by the galactic community. Granted, the evidence is not conclusive. But tell me this: Would you rather prepare for an attack that may not come, or be met by an attack you did not prepare for? We know nothing about the true nature or purpose of these vessels. It would be in our best interest to prepare for any eventuality.  
  
By contrast, Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon was diplomatic:  
  
"Like the Emperor, I believe it would be premature to conclude that these are non-human spacecraft. But it is clear to me that these encounters warrant further investigation. We must gather further evidence, and keep an open mind. Knowledge, not ignorance. Proof, not speculation. That is the way forward.  
  
## Thargoid  
  
# Eliminating Slavers in Guuguyni  
  
3304-01-19   
  
Princess Aisling Duval has announced plans to fund a peacekeeping operation in the Guuguyni system. The operation's primary purpose is to neutralise an illegal slave-trading ring in the region.  
  
Princess Duval released the following statement, elaborating on the nature of the campaign:  
  
"Illegal slavery is an abhorrent practice that negates its victim's fundamental human rights. The amoral profiteers operating in Guuguyni must be stopped.  
  
The Guuguyni Empire Consulate has been authorised to oversee the campaign, and has pledged to reward pilots who hand in bounty vouchers at Shen Terminal in the Guuguyni system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 18th of January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Imperator Mordanticus Captured  
  
3305-01-18   
  
Imperator Mordanticus, the leader of isolationist group Nova Imperium, has been captured by the Empire. His arrest was made during the conflict between Nova Imperium and the Empire in the Paresa system.  
  
Chancellor Anders Blaine made a pronouncement on behalf of Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval:  
  
"With its fleet destroyed, Nova Imperium's seditious agenda has been halted. The so-called Imperator, Duke Kaeso Mordanticus, will be brought before the Senate on Friday the 25th of January to answer charges of treason against the Empire.  
  
Political journalist Cassia Carvalho commented in The Imperial Herald:  
  
"For the emperor to assemble the entire Senate is a rare occurrence. It seems likely that she will make an example of Mordanticus, perhaps with a public trial.  
  
"lthough Nova Imperium survives in the Paresa system, the loss of both its fleet and military commander may have delivered a mortal blow to the isolationist cause.  
  
## nova imperium  
  
## Imperator Mordanticus  
  
## empire  
  
## Paresa  
  
## Chancellor Anders Blaine  
  
## Arissa Lavigny-Duval  
  
## Cassia Carvalho  
  
### Political journalist  
  
### The Imperial Herald  
  
# Extremist Leader Calls for Zero Tax Policy  
  
3301-01-15   
  
Call Hagen, the leader of the League of Nabatean Defence Party, today called for a zero tax policy for citizens of the system of Nabatean at an impromptu rally.  
  
“We citizens of the Federation are treated poorly compared to the progressive policies evident within the Empire. The Federation is older and stronger but our heritage is weighed down with the bondage of taxation. Let us learn from the strong leadership of Senator Patreus and his Imperial colleagues and ensure that our own society is not a burden upon our families.”  
  
A spokesperson for the Workers of Nabatean refused to comment on what he described ‘the ravings of a mad man’. Ignoring the speech may be a mistake for the current ruling party as the opposition received a massive swing in support after the speech.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Independent Scientists Comment on Sightings  
  
3303-01-16   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin, independent scientist and leading authority on xeno-biological research, has added his voice to the debate over sightings of mysterious spacecraft.  
  
In a statement, Professor Palin said:  
  
"I have no wish to be alarmist, and I can understand why the galactic superpowers have issued a somewhat noncommittal response. But suggesting that these craft may be of human origin, or the product of a hoax, rather stretches plausibility.  
  
"To my mind, there is a clear visual connection between these mysterious vessels, the shipwrecks found in HIP 17862 and the Pleiades, the Unknown Artefacts and the Unknown Probes. And I believe we can draw only one conclusion: we are sharing the galaxy with an intelligent non-human species. We therefore have an obligation to discover as much about this species, and its intentions, as possible.  
  
Independent engineer Ram Tah, who has been leading research into the Synuefe ruins, also commented:  
  
"I share Professor Palin's view that these reports are of great significance. But attempts to communicate with these vessels have proved fruitless, as have efforts to discern their point of origin. We must learn more about these ships and whoever – or whatever – is piloting them.  
  
## Thargoid  
  
# Mystery of Missing Crew Sparks Rumours  
  
3305-01-19   
  
The disappearance of famous actor Consuela Knight and the crew of her luxury yacht has sparked a flood of rumours.  
  
Independent reporter Flint 'Firemaker' Lafosse discussed the mystery on the Rewired news feed:  
  
"The scientists say this might be an anomaly that only affects organic tissue. But that doesn't explain the discovery of Consuela Knight's half-eaten meal, does it?  
  
"Others think it could be a new Thargoid weapon that disintegrates humans while leaving ships intact. Or maybe the cultists were right, and the Far God has started snacking on individuals before it arrives to eat the whole universe.  
  
"For all we know, this has been happening to ships for years. Maybe it usually gets hushed up, which is harder to do when a big-name celebrity vanishes. Which of us might be next? Think about that next time you jump into hyperspace…  
  
## Missing Celebrity STORY  
  
## Consuela Knight  
  
## Rewired  
  
### newsfeed  
  
### Flint 'Firemaker' Lafosse  
  
## far god  
  
## thargoid  
  
# Heir to the Throne Officially Mad  
  
3300-12-19   
  
The sick Emperor Hengist Duval has managed to appear in the Senate, albeit in a travel chair, to issue a decree.  
  
He decreed Harold, his son, not of sound mind. This gives some credence to the claim in the more scurrilous news feeds a year ago that Hengist once referred to his son in not very regal terms in private.  
  
"The little idiot is utterly bonkers. He couldn't find his own bottom with both hands.  
  
This was of course, denied. This decree, as commentators have been quick to point out, means there is no clear successor to the throne. Unusually the event was excluded from newscasts, but those present said he looked frail.  
  
# Admiral Vincent Declares a Blockade of Kappa Fornacis  
  
3300-12-19   
  
Federal Admiral Vincent has declared a blockade of the Kappa Fornacis system to prevent the spread of the narcotic onionhead.  
  
Speaking after a meeting at the Admiralty in Quenisset on Mars he answered questions from waiting journalists.  
  
"The local government is failing to prevent the spread of this vile narcotic through the galaxy, so we must do so on behalf of the Federation. Any ship carrying this narcotic will be destroyed by our forces.  
  
The Farmer's leader, Georgio Algeria has put out a plea for help.  
  
"Please help us. This is our livelihood. If the Federation doesn't like it then it must be cool. And you'll be cool if you help us. Come and back us against the oppressors.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Pomp and Circumstance of the Royal Wedding  
  
3301-01-16   
  
Foreign dignitaries are beginning to gather on Capitol in Achenar, in preparation for the royal wedding. Senators from throughout Imperial space have begun arriving, and many leaders from friendly independent systems too.  
  
Red carpets have been laid in local starports, and for the full length of the Imperial Avenue. Gilded open-topped speeders can be seen ferrying them to their ornate quarters at the Imperial Palace. For the ceremony itself, special wheeled gilded carriages pulled by horses.  
  
The route is already being prepared with arrays of brightly coloured flower arrangements flanking the red carpets on the tree-lined route. Huge banners carrying the Imperial Crest are being raised between the trees, and on the faces of key buildings. Many have said it is this sort of thing that shows the grandeur of the Empire at its best.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Investigation in to VP Death Inconclusive  
  
3301-01-16   
  
Despite the suspicious circumstances that have been widely reported, no further information has come to light. Social media is alleging a high level cover-up, and it seems large amounts of data have disappeared due to system failures.   
  
President Halsey is said to be devastated, and gave a brief statement offering her sympathy to the family. It is understood there are a great many discussions going on behind the scenes to appoint a new VP, which under Federal Law must be completed within 30 days of the VP’s loss.  
  
Alder Simons has given an emotional interview on the chat show ‘Jenkinson’-  
  
“It’s big business behind his murder. Those evil people – the military industrial complex of old – they’ve always been against my dear Nigel’s government and its policies. Who else could launch such a big cover-up without attracting attention?”  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3302-01-14   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,913 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Movement for Scythimichs Green Party  
  
Alpheus Silver Travel Group  
  
Mitschigua Empire Group  
  
Independent LP 685-43 Democrats  
  
ALS 16791 Blue Dynamic Comms  
  
Zhongwe Silver Transport Dev  
  
Sauraratec Industries  
  
Leerham Co  
  
Mabe Incorporated  
  
Zhu Ji Crimson Legal PLC  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Obsidian Orbital Continuing to Deteriorate  
  
3302-01-14   
  
Recent reports from Obsidian Orbital, one of the starports affected by the mysterious malfunctions sweeping the galaxy, indicate that the situation at the starport has worsened. According to the station's technical team, the starport is only a hair's breadth from having to suspend services:  
  
"Despite our best efforts, things are only getting worse. We're experiencing all kinds of malfunctions, and if the situation doesn't improve soon we'll have to start shutting down station services.  
  
We will continue to bring you up-to-the-minute reports on this issue.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-01-18   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-01-18   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Birkhoff Station, Chnemine  
  
Bohr Prospect, Kisatsya  
  
Descartes Station, Neche  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Frobisher Terminal, Yimakuapa  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis  
  
Hahn Gateway, Nanomam  
  
Haisheng Orbital, HR 8474  
  
Maia Point, Maia  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
Roentgen Hub, LFT 37  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Williamson Hub, Kogich  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
Gilmour Orbiter, Tau Ceti  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Weyn Dock, 64 Arietis  
  
Ackerman Market, Eravate  
  
Gentil Hub, Harm  
  
Elder Works, Ross 154  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Tiedemann Dock, Balones  
  
# Simbad Regime Campaign  
  
3304-01-19   
  
The Simbad Regime was established over a year ago, and has enjoyed consistent growth with the support of Commanders across the galaxy. Now the group has announced plans to construct a new asteroid base among the rings of Nu Tauri 5.  
  
In support of this goal, the Simbad Regime has placed an open order for quantities of explosives, beryllium, aluminium and tea.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released the following statement:  
  
“In order to secure the support of the galactic community, we are offering generous rewards to pilots who deliver materials to Parmitano Terminal in the Nu Tauri system.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 18th of January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-01-25   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
The Pit, Pennsylvania  
  
Bell Orbital, Gilya  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Tygerlily-Merlyn Pleasuredome, Cardea  
  
Suri Gateway, Vesuvit  
  
# Commercial Travel Impacted by Hyperspace Fears  
  
3305-01-24   
  
The mysterious disappearance of actor Consuela Knight and the crew of her yacht has affected confidence in commercial space travel.  
  
Independent newsfeed The Sovereign reported:  
  
"Consuela Knight's empty ship pulling into port has caused unease in consumer markets. Rumours of abductions and disintegrations while in hyperspace have negatively impacted many businesses.  
  
"Ship manufacturer Saud Kruger has said that sales of customised luxury yachts, such as Ms Knight's, have plummeted. Cruise bookings with Astrogator Tours are being cancelled, while commercial operators have reported a drop in passenger numbers.  
  
"Plans are underway for a memorial service to honour Consuela Knight's career. But her real legacy is the fear that her fate could befall any interstellar traveller.  
  
## Missing Celebrity STORY  
  
## Consuela Knight  
  
## The Sovereign  
  
### independent newsfeed  
  
## Saud Kruger  
  
## Astrogator Tours  
  
# Unidentified Signal in Pleiades Nebula  
  
3302-01-14   
  
A fragmentary signal has been received by the flight operations team at Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system. The source of the signal has not been identified, but the strength of signal indicates it originated from a star system approximately 23 light years from Maia. Unfortunately, interference from a local black hole has made it impossible to determine a vector for the transmission.  
  
The signal, which lasted only a few seconds, had degraded so much that only a small string of numbers could be extracted. Some have speculated the numbers may be coordinates of some kind: b?n?r? ??a??t L??: 2?.?? ??n?: 9?.??  
  
Pilots in the region are advised to keep on the lookout, and to offer assistance if needed.  
  
# A Vintage to Remember  
  
3304-01-25   
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced an initiative to construct an orbital family restaurant in the Wangal system. The eatery, which will be named DaMorg's Bar and BBQ, will allow spacers to enjoy the finest food and drinks that Wangal has to offer.  
  
In support of this initiative, Angeli Imperial Enterprises has issued an open order for various construction and outfitting materials, and has pledged to pay well above the market rate for these commodities. Independent pilots who want to support the initiative are instructed to deliver the requested goods to Nelder City in the Wangal system.  
  
A spokesperson for Angeli Imperial Enterprises released the following statement:  
  
"We are eager to share our fine produce with the galaxy at large. 'When there is plenty of wine, sorrow and worry take wing.' Let's bring that joy to Wangal…and beyond!  
  
The campaign begins on the 25th January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Onionhead and the Slaves of Sorbago  
  
3300-12-19   
  
16 December 3300 was the day President Halsey declared the onionhead narcotic illegal in Federal systems.  
  
The outrage amongst the Farmer's Cooperative may be tempered by the fact that her edict doesn't seem to have had much effect on Commanders' activity, quite the oppostite in fact, with Kappa Fornacis' finest produce being eagerly distributed to the black market throughout the galaxy, and especially within Federal systems.  
  
We've heard a whisper that Madame President's dismay at this may lead her to start flexing her metaphorical muscles.  
  
Meanwhile Senator Torval is looking to shore up her powerbase in the deadly game of Imperial succession that is being played out. Her wealth is built on slavery, and from the 26 million credits claimed by Commanders willing to offer Sorbago's slaves the 'opportunity' of a better class of slavery in the Empire via Mastopolos Mining Inc's links with the Senator it looks like she is gaining traction.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus, meanwhile, is engaged in a more even fight. Ever the one to manipulate strife to his own ends whilst disguising his intentions with grandiose sentiments, Patreus has thrown his considerable resources behind the Jera Nationalists. The incumbent Jera Social Democrats are currently managing to hold their own in the battle for control in the system, with Commanders' support evenly split.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Arissa Lavigny is the Daughter of the Emperor  
  
3300-12-20   
  
Arissa Lavigny, the outspoken courtier and the daughter of historic socialite Prince Aristide Lavigny (famously eaten by his own pet Linglang when Arissa was very young) has declared that the Prince was not her father.  
  
She claimed that she is in fact the illegitimate daughter of Emperor Hengist. She spent many of her early years around the Imperial Court. Her father and mother were close friends of the Emperor, and perhaps now we know why. Her mother is still seen in court from time to time.  
  
The information was conveyed in a press release and our requests for an interview with Arissa have so far been declined.  
  
This would put her claim to the throne ahead of Aisling Duval's, but her parents being unmarried still means her claim is not solid. Palace officials could not be drawn to comment, but the fact that the Palace has not issued a denial is significant.  
  
# Emperor Seriously Unwell  
  
3301-01-17   
  
Rumours are circulating that the Emperor’s condition is far worse than is being admitted. One source even claimed that he has died, but that hasn’t been confirmed. A senior palace source informed us that Chancellor Blaine would announce his death if it happened. We believe it likely that his sickness has merely worsened.  
  
Following the rumours there is also speculation is that his wedding to Florence Lavigny might be delayed. Imperial stock markets have dropped further on this news.  
  
# Onionhead Now Wiped Out  
  
3301-01-17   
  
Admiral Vincent, the Federal Admiral of the Fleet, has announced that the Federal Navy has now practically eliminated the narcotic ‘onionhead’ from Panem in Kappa Fornacis.  
  
“Our systematic destruction of the crop has now paid off, and I am pleased to say we have destroyed all the crops without the loss of a single life since the unfortunate incident a few weeks ago.”  
  
Despite continued pockets of resistance the Admiral also announced a civic aid package to help rebuild the farms to produce less controversial crops, a move that has earned praise from commentators for its political shrewdness.  
  
In a follow up statement an aide requested that independent pilots provide Agri Medicines, Crop Harvesters, Land Enrichment Systems and Biowaste to meet the increased demand generated by the package.  
  
# Alien 'Barnacles' Discovered in the Pleiades  
  
3302-01-15   
  
Dr Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has released a statement in response to the discovery of non-human structures in the Pleiades Nebula:  
  
"This is a momentous day – alien structures have been confirmed on at least two planets in the Pleiades Nebula! I must congratulate Commander Octo, who made the initial discovery on Merope 5c, and thank Commander Snax, who contacted me. Within minutes, Canonn scientists and other commanders were at the site.  
  
"We now know of multiple barnacles on Merope 5c, and the corrupted message recently received in Maia has led us to many more on Pleiades Sector JC-U B3-2.  
  
"I can confirm that these structures produce meta-alloys, emit a sound similar to that made by the Unknown Artefacts, and bear mysterious markings that we have yet to identify. Some commanders have reported malfunctions near the structures, which might explain the crashed ships found near many of the barnacles.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Community Goal: Sirius Corp. to Address Unknown-Artefact Issue  
  
3303-01-19   
  
It is widely understood that Unknown Artefacts have the ability to extract materials from their immediate environment as part of a complex self-repair process. Unfortunately, this can have disastrous effects on starships and other forms of machinery.  
  
Perhaps the worst affected by this phenomena have been the galaxy's starports, many of which have had to suspend services as a result of Unknown Artefact-related disruption. The high prices offered for Unknown Artefacts on the black market means many starports have been flooded with the mysterious objects. And although meta-alloys can be used to counter Unknown Artefact-related interference, the scarcity of the material means this potential salve has had little impact.  
  
But a recent announcement from the Sirius Corporation indicates that the company intends to tackle the issue by funding a major new research and development project. The purpose of the project is to make starports and other outposts more resistant to Unknown Artefact-related interference through the application of specific microresources.  
  
In support of this programme, the Sirius Corporation has placed an open order for unknown fragments, untypical shield scans and aberrant shield pattern analysis, and promised to reward pilots who deliver these materials to Cormack Hub in the Procyon system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 19th of January 3303 and will run for two weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Thargoid  
  
# Galactic News: Laksmii Jet Power Industries Operation Thwarted  
  
3303-01-19   
  
Authorities in the Parun system have reported that the Laksmii Jet Power Industries plot against the Independents of Parun has been foiled. The operation centred on smuggling various items into Underwood Port so Imperial agents could use it to conduct guerrilla attacks against the Independents of Parun, the system's controlling faction.  
  
After learning of the plot, the Independents of Parun placed bounties on Laksmii Jet Power Industries ships operating in the Parun system. The strategy resulted in the destruction of hundreds of Laksmii Jet Power Industries vessels, severely undermining the organisation's plan.  
  
A spokesperson for the Independents of Parun thanked those who supported the operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Underwood Port in the Parun system.  
  
# Simbad Regime Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-01-25   
  
A spokesperson for the Simbad Regime has announced that its appeal for construction materials has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. This has resulted in a massive influx of deliveries to Parmitano Terminal, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
The spokesperson went on to say:  
  
“The Simbad Regime would like to thank all the Commanders who supported this project, and to invite the galactic community to visit our new base, once it is complete.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Parmitano Terminal in the Nu Tauri system.  
  
# Vitadyne Nanomeds Campaign  
  
3305-01-24   
  
Professor Katrien Rook of Vitadyne Labs has launched an initiative to establish a new pharmaceutical production facility.  
  
In a statement, Professor Rook said:  
  
"Vitadyne Labs lacks the infrastructure to mass-produce nanomedicines, so we have invited two pharmaceutical companies to bid for a distribution licence. The company that puts forward the most convincing proposal will secure the contract.  
  
The companies in question are Neomedical Industries, which supplies Alliance and independent systems, and the Vandermeer Corporation, which operates exclusively within Federal space. Both have requested advanced medicines, computer components and auto fabricators for the construction of nanomed manufacturing plants.  
  
Deliveries for Neomedical Industries should be made to Alignak Jet Legal and Co at Piserchia Port in Alignak while shipments for the Vandermeer Corporation should be delivered to the Liberals of Kuma at Elion Dock in Kuma.  
  
The competing initiatives begin on the 24th of January 3305. If either campaign meets its target earlier than planned, that campaign will end immediately.  
  
## community goal start  
  
## Professor Katrien Rook  
  
### Vitadyne Labs  
  
## Neomedical Industries  
  
### Alliance and independent  
  
## Vandermeer Corporation  
  
### Federal  
  
## Deliver  
  
### Neomedical Industries  
  
* Alignak  
    * Piserchia Port  
        * Alignak Jet Legal and Co  
  
### Vandermeer Corporation  
  
* Kuma  
    * Elion Dock  
        * Liberals of Kuma  
  
# Success for Distant Worlds Initiative  
  
3305-01-24   
  
A request for mined materials from the Omega Mining Corporation has concluded.  
  
Independent pilots delivered large quantities of Indite, Gallite, Praseodymium and Cobalt which will be used to build an Orbis starport in the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system. The starport will serve as a centre for scientific research, gathering data on the supermassive black hole at the galaxy's centre.  
  
Erimus Kamzel, the Distant Worlds project leader, commented:  
  
"It is with great pride that we announce the successful conclusion to this resource-extraction initiative. The fleet will now continue its journey, and is scheduled to reach the galactic core in several weeks' time.  
  
Contributors to the campaign can now collect their rewards from Omega Mining Operation in the Omega Sector VE-Q b5-15 system.  
  
## Distant Worlds 2  
  
## community goal end  
  
### mining  
  
## Omega Mining Corporation  
  
## Stuemeae FG-Y d7561  
  
### Orbis starport  
  
## Erimus Kamzel  
  
### Distant Worlds project leader  
  
# Slave Rebellion Gains Traction  
  
3300-12-20   
  
Reports are coming in that the slaves in Sorbago have taken control of many of the mines on Sorbago A1 and have massacred those in control. We have no reporters on the scene so cannot verify these stories.  
  
A spokeswoman for Mastopolos Mining Incorporated, which runs the mines and much of the system, has issued the following statement:  
  
"Our security forces have intercepted ships from outside the system bringing guns to the rebels. This is destabilising our workforce, and has got to stop.  
  
Senator Torval, a major shareholder in Mastopolos, has sent some of her private warships to the system. She has also further increased aid for those assisting her in fighting off "these external rabble-rousers". In the meantime, the price of ore has risen in the area.  
  
# Emperor in Coma  
  
3301-01-18   
  
Senator Anders Blaine, Chancellor to Emperor Hengist Duval has made a statement on the steps of the Imperial Palace-  
  
“It is with regret I have to announce that his grace, Emperor Hengist Duval’s sickness has worsened, and he has fallen into a coma. His life is not in danger, he is stable, and his doctors are hopeful of a recovery. In the mean time I will of course continue in my role as Chancellor, and the Empire will continue to run under my day to day control, as it has done for the past decades, so nothing will change.”  
  
Rumours from anonymous Imperial staff are that Emperor Hengist is on a life support machine and perhaps unlikely to recover.  
  
Shares in Imperial corporations have continued to fall on the news.  
  
## Empire  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3302-01-15   
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon was unable to orchestrate any new trade agreements this week, but the coming week holds potential for new opportunities in the Dao Zi and Ross 931 systems. Very little else of note has transpired in Alliance territory since our last report.  
  
President Zachary Hudson gathered intelligence from Frey and Lalande 37120, and has deployed Federal fleets to establish a more permanent naval presence in both systems. Sufficient resources were collected last week to seek out another appropriate base for the Federal Navy. More news on that will likely follow next week.  
  
Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval's Shield of Justice failed to secure Kartenes, as command capital reserves fell short late in the week. Crime sweeps are currently active in Hrun, Kherthaje, Neites and Waimiri, but if command capital supplies remain low, opportunities to station the Shield of Justice in these systems will also fail.  
  
Shadow President Felicia Winters' aid campaigns in Chireni, HIP 47328 and Hyades Sector EB-X D1-110 failed this week. Budgetary challenges prevented all three missions from reaching a successful outcome. Despite last week's shortfall, aid campaigns are currently underway in Amuzgo and Sawali.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval was very successful with fundraising campaigns this week, granting her the opportunity to court the favour of several key systems. Ekono, HIP 77470, Madngela, Nuxalkuq are currently on her itinerary.  
  
Sirius Gov CEO Li Yong-Rui has had a very positive week. The momentous discovery of the Antares wreckage, coupled with the continued prosperity of SiriusGov, has been a cause for celebration for the Sirius Corporation. Business relationships in Dongkum, HIP 23395 and Kenna are being investigated this week, paving the way for the potential expansion of Sirius to a total of 57 systems.  
  
Senator Zemina Torval managed her business skilfully this week, narrowly evading a deficit. The senator is currently attempting to acquire controlling interest in the Chujohimba system. Future expansion of her enterprises will require great effort.  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal had another successful week. Two systems – Azalai and GCRV 2743 – formalized relationships with Utopia and joined the commune. The once miniscule power now directly controls 47 key systems, and projects its influence through 517 systems and nearly 125 billion people.  
  
Pirate Lord Archon Delaine experienced a relatively quiet week. Kumo Crew-backed insurrections in 23 Delta Piscis Austrini and HIP 103138 were soundly defeated, but attempts to overthrow the governments of Djabijabus, and Devata Baru are now in motion.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus' overcommitted and undermanned fleets withdrew from five systems, greatly reducing his administrative overhead. The senator is now looking to establish bases in more strategically valuable locations, including 23 Delta Piscis Austrini, which was recently attacked by the Kumo Crew.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# Galactic News: Clandestine Federal-Imperial Negotiations?  
  
3303-01-20   
  
Animosity between the Empire and the Federation has been growing for months, but leaked communications suggest that clandestine negotiations may be taking place between the two superpowers.  
  
Jason Nygaard, a reporter for The Federal Times, said:  
  
"We believe the Federation is meeting with Imperial dignities behind closed doors. The nature of these meetings isn't clear, but we have noted unusual ship movements around the historic Cambridge space port.  
  
Cambridge, once of the few ancient Earth cities preserved in its historic form, is notably free from surveillance. It has been associated with many remarkable events in its long history.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Restoring Order in Wangal  
  
3304-01-25   
  
Authorities in the Wangal system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, Angeli Imperial Enterprises has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Nelder City.  
  
The campaign begins on the 25th of January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Aisling Duval Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-01-25   
  
Representatives of Princess Aisling Duval have announced that the Princess’s anti-slavery campaign in the Guuguyni system has come to a successful conclusion. Hundreds of independent combat pilots supported the initiative, taking to their ships to neutralise the slave traders operating in the region.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Princess Duval released the following statement:  
  
“I am immeasurably grateful to those who supported this campaign. You have saved hundreds of people from a life of misery.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Shen Terminal in the Guuguyni system.  
  
# Senator Patreus Declares Succession About Power Not Blood  
  
3300-12-21   
  
At the annual Feast of the 100, a banquet for key business leaders on Capitol in Achenar, one of the after dinner speakers, Senator Denton Patreus declared the importance of the Imperial succession.  
  
"We have a truly great Empire. Our grace Emperor Hengist is sadly not well, and I wish him a speedy recovery. Nevertheless, we do need to plan should the worst happen. The choice of our next Emperor is a vital one. The succession should not be about family bloodlines, but about who would be best for the future Empire. For past generations, and for Hengist himself, he was groomed for power for decades by his great father, and this has worked well for over a thousand years. It was not just about blood, it was about learning from his father. This time there is no such successor, so things need to change.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Boom Time in LHS 3447  
  
3301-01-18   
  
The Future of LHS 3447 party are celebrating an economic boom in their system. They have announced that they will share that good fortune as part of their future development initiatives.  
  
“The success of LHS 3447 is in large part due to the numbers of independent pilots who pass through and trade in this system. In fact Trevithick Dock is known for being the starting point for many pilots’ careers.  
  
“In recognition of this we are subsidising a 10% discount for all pilots using the shipyards and outfitting facilities in Trevithick Dock, Dalton Gateway and Worlidge Terminal.”  
  
# Good News from Obsidian Orbital  
  
3302-01-15   
  
Following yesterday's remarkable discovery of non-human structures in the Pleiades Nebula, starport markets have been inundated with meta-alloys – a mysterious material produced by the alien 'barnacles'. At present, very little is known about this commodity, but it seems it may have helped bring some stability to Obsidian Orbital, one of the starports affected by the mysterious malfunctions sweeping the galaxy. According to a recent statement, the station's technical team conducted an eleventh-hour experiment that, remarkably, seems to have improved things at the beleaguered starport:  
  
"Things have gone from bad to worse recently, so when the meta-alloys started flooding in we thought...why not give it a shot? And somehow it seems to have worked. I don't know how the meta-alloys helped, exactly, but we think they're countering whatever it is that's causing the malfunctions. As soon as we have more concrete information, we'll let you know. For now we're remaining cautiously optimistic.  
  
The exact cause of the technological 'plague' blighting the galaxy is still not known, so whether the meta-alloys represent a permanent solution can only be guessed. But many will be hoping that this breakthrough heralds the end of the mysterious malfunction epidemic.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-01-16   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,321 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Workers of HD 13931 Revolutionary Party  
  
Keian Gu Collective  
  
Xerente Blue Transport Comms  
  
Er Longs Electronics Inc  
  
The Dark Armada  
  
Chang Kuo Lao Life Holdings  
  
Movement for 13 Trianguli Future  
  
Tsanyala Patrons of Law   
  
Yun Nigh Central Exchange  
  
Blue Transport Exchange  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Sirius Corporation Campaign Ends  
  
3303-01-20   
  
A spokesperson for the Sirius Corporation has announced that its appeal for microresources has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots responded to the corporation's appeal by delivering Unknown Energy Source, Shield Density Reports and Shield Pattern Analysis to Cormack Hub in the Procyon system.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Li-Yong Rui, CEO of Sirius Gov, released a statement:  
  
"While irresponsible fortune hunters continue to destabilise the galaxy's starports by selling Unknown Artefacts on the black market, the galaxy's superpowers stand idly by, mired in bureaucracy and paralysed by indecision. Well we say: no more.  
  
"I will do everything in my power to put an end to the technological plague and restore the galaxy's starports to functionality. The effort to conquer this epidemic starts now.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Cormack Hub in the Procyon system.  
  
# Starport Attacks Continue  
  
3304-01-25   
  
Two further starports have fallen prey to Thargoid attack: Kipling Orbital in the Pleiades Sector KC-V C2-11 and Malthus Terminal in the Pleiades Sector HR-W D1-41.  
  
As with previous Thargoid assaults, the attacks have caused significant damage and resulted in huge numbers of casualties.  
  
A member of starport personnel at Kipling Orbital offered the following:  
  
“It seems the Thargoids are sweeping the region, moving slowly in the direction of the core systems. But why?”  
  
Authorities in the affected systems have issued requests for help, imploring independent pilots to deliver aid and evacuate civilians.  
  
# Blood on the Senate Floor  
  
3305-01-25   
  
Kaeso Mordanticus, the captured leader of isolationist group Nova Imperium, has been brought before the Imperial Senate, with unexpected results.  
  
Political journalist Cassia Carvalho was at the scene:  
  
"Imperator Mordanticus was led into Senate House in shackles but still defiant. All rose as Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval entered, attended by Senator Denton Patreus. The Emperor and Patreus approached Mordanticus silently, whereupon Patreus executed the Imperator with his personal sidearm.  
  
"Suddenly, the Imperial Guard opened fire, gunning down senators Pal Vespasian and Eloise Winterstone, and others who had supported the isolationist cause.  
  
"Once the initial shock had subsided, the Emperor stood over the Imperator's body. In a clear voice she announced: 'There is no Nova Imperium. There is only the Empire.'  
  
"I have since heard reports of mass arrests and further public executions across Capitol. The rumour is that Patreus placed agents among Nova Imperium strongholds, which are now being eliminated from within. This may be the start of an Empire-wide purge.  
  
## nova Imperium story  
  
## Kaeso Mordanticus  
  
## empire  
  
## Arissa Lavigny-Duval  
  
### emperor  
  
## Denton Patreus  
  
### Senator  
  
### fleet admiral  
  
## Pal Vespasian  
  
## Eloise Winterstone  
  
# Federal Warships Bomb Farms  
  
3300-12-21   
  
Onionhead stories are dominating the Federal media, with teenage criminality being highlighted. The coverage has increased demand for the narcotic in Federal space higher than ever.  
  
Admiral Vincent has announced a program of crop destruction from low orbit around Panem.  
  
"Dropships, launched from our orbiting Farragut class battlecruisers, have bombed large areas of crops. We used pinpoint modern weaponry and no human has been harmed in these attacks.  
  
Local news reports show this not to be true. An entire family was found dead, overcome by the noxious fumes from the burning of the ripe crop in their field tent. The image of a burning warg (a deer-like creature with big eyes, probably imported as a pet by one of the settlers) running from a burning field, has spread through social media, especially within the Alliance, spreading hatred for Federal Forces.  
  
# Durius Defaults on Debt to Patreus  
  
3300-12-22   
  
Senator Denton Patreus announced today in a press release that the government of the impoverished Durius system has defaulted on the loan he provided in 3294. The Senator has given them 24 hours to make the overdue payment or action would be taken.  
  
A haggard Governor Xavier Malachai, leader of "Durius Dominion" in Durius said to anxious reporters:  
  
"The interest on this debt is crippling us. It is not as if the money helped the people of Durius. It went into military hardware, bought at full price from Patreus, all those years ago. We've offered to return the warships - we cannot afford to crew them anyway, but Patreus is not interested. We cannot afford the payment. We can't sell them, so what can we do?  
  
# Patreus Queries Emperor’s Coma in the Senate  
  
3301-01-19   
  
In the first Senate session in the New Year since the public holidays, Senator Denton Patreus, Senator for Eotienses, has asked the burning question of the Senate. He directed it at the Chancellor, Senator Blaine -  
  
“It saddens us to hear that his grace Emperor Hengist has fallen into a coma, but we need to think for the future of our beloved Empire. How long will his grace be in a coma before we trigger the succession? This has not happened in over a thousand years, and it is for us to decide. One day? One week? One month? One year?   
  
“We need a strong leader, and we should set a date in the near future when we review the situation.”  
  
There was a frisson of mumbling in the Senate after his comments and a general consensus to review the situation at the next session.  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Menace of Illegal Racing  
  
3301-01-19   
  
Traders operating in several systems have called on the authorities to clamp down on increasing levels of illegal racing-  
  
“These speeding ships are a menace!” a representative declared. “They perform dangerous manoeuvres at ridiculous speeds and that puts honest traders like us in danger.”  
  
Official comment has not been forthcoming and one such racer posted anonymously on social media stating-  
  
“The Buckyball Race is the best thing ever and I’d like to see one of the system authority Vipers try and keep up with us!”  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-01-19   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,177 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Kudiyu Dominion  
  
Epsilon Hydri Commodities  
  
Noblemen of Nez Perce  
  
Revolutionary Party of Kagudi  
  
LFT 1610 Company  
  
Dahambwe One  
  
Dadal Crimson Clan  
  
Defence Party of Hiranyaksha  
  
Kanuket Empire Party  
  
Inovandar Syndicate  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,170 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Hyperborea Bureau  
  
Zmeyaaya Energy Industry  
  
37 Librae Jet United Solutions  
  
MCC 858 Organisation  
  
New Perktomen Left Party  
  
Allied HR 8474 Defence Party  
  
Kurra Silver Syndicate  
  
Taured Coalition  
  
Mulachi Public Corporation  
  
HR 8474 Industries  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Data Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-01-23   
  
Engineer Ram Tah has announced that his appeal for data from the Synuefe ruins has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of independent pilots responded to the appeal, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Felice Dock, the campaign's centre of operations.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Ram Tah released a brief statement.  
  
"I am hugely grateful to the galactic community for its support. It is my hope that this data will allow us to unlock the monolith network and discover further Guardian sites.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Felice Dock in the Meene system.  
  
# Galactic News: Ram Tah Discovers New Sites  
  
3303-01-24   
  
Following his recent appeal for data from the Synuefe ruins, engineer Ram Tah has released a statement:  
  
"Using the data contributed by the galactic community, I have succeeded in accessing the monolith network. But although I have detected a number of further Guardian sites – which is very exciting – I have not been able to divine their precise locations. All I have been able to do is narrow the field to a handful of systems – specifically Synuefe ZL-J d10-119, Synuefe XO-P c22-17, IC 2391 Sector ZE-A d101 and IC 2391 Sector GW-V b2-4.  
  
"Locating these sites is of central importance to our ongoing research, which is why I am encouraging the galactic community to explore these systems. Together, we can further our understanding of this fascinating race.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-01-26   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
The Pit, Pennsylvania  
  
Bell Orbital, Gilya  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Tygerlily-Merlyn Pleasuredome, Cardea  
  
Suri Gateway, Vesuvit  
  
# Utopia Condemns Approval of Vitadyne Nanomedicines  
  
3305-01-26   
  
The decision of the Interstellar Health Organisation (IHO) to approve Vitadyne Labs's nanomedicines has been condemned by Utopia.  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal made this statement:  
  
"The IHO has allowed Vitadyne to steal and replicate Utopian nanomedical technology purely for their financial gain. This is why we do not share our advancements with the galaxy.  
  
Independent healthcare analyst Dr Himari Grey commented:  
  
"Vitadyne sees the Interstellar Health Organisation's decision as a victory, but others in the medical community have expressed reservations. To deny Utopia's ownership of these nanomedicines means permanently closing the door on any future cooperation with the community. What other potential benefits have been lost?  
  
Vitadyne Labs has invited pharmaceutical giants Neomedical Industries and Vandermeer Corporation to bid for a licence to distribute Vitadyne nanomeds in their territories.  
  
## Nanomachines story  
  
## utopia  
  
## Pranav Antal  
  
### SimGuru  
  
## Dr Himari Grey  
  
### Independent healthcare analyst  
  
## Interstellar Health Organisation  
  
## Vitadyne Labs  
  
## Neomedical Industries  
  
## Vandermeer Corporation  
  
# The Fall of Nova Imperium  
  
3305-01-26   
  
Security forces across the Empire have carried out a coordinated purge of the isolationist group Nova Imperium.  
  
Political journalist Cassia Carvalho reported:  
  
"Yesterday's executions in the Senate were apparently only the beginning of a coordinated massacre. Nova Imperium members are being put to death, and citizens who supported them are being arrested for treason. In a single day, the isolationist cause has been crushed.  
  
"It seems that Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval – while being accused of weakness – has simply been playing for time, allowing Senator Patreus to position his agents for a simultaneous strike. With this show of strength, the Emperor has done much to silence her detractors.  
  
"Despite reactions of horror from some newsfeeds, Alliance and Federal leaders have made no official comment, perhaps relieved that inter-superpower cooperation against the Thargoids will continue.  
  
"Nova Imperium remains in control of the Paresa system, but with the organisation's power base destroyed, it no longer poses a threat to the Imperial throne.  
  
## nova imperium  
  
## empire  
  
## Cassia Carvalho  
  
### Political journalist  
  
## Arissa Lavigny-Duval  
  
### emperor  
  
## Senator Patreus  
  
## federation  
  
## alliance  
  
## Thargoids  
  
### funding  
  
# Emperor to Marry Sweetheart  
  
3300-12-22   
  
A palace spokesman today announced on behalf of his grace Emperor Hengist Duval, that he is to marry Florence Lavigny, a sweetheart from his younger years.  
  
Under Imperial Law a marriage must be announced 30 days beforehand. Commentators have pointed out the Emperor could decree it to happen sooner, though he would have to appear in the Senate to do so.  
  
With his son declared unfit the marriage would make Arissa Lavigny, his illegitimate daughter with Florence, next in line for the throne. Under Imperial Law the marriage cannot happen for 30 days to allow people to lodge their objections.  
  
Arissa Lavigny will become Princess Arissa as soon as they marry, and of the announcement she has said:  
  
"This is one of the happiest days of my life. I will of course change my name to Duval, so the honourable Duval line will continue in both blood and name.  
  
# Dulos System Sees Massive Swing for Independence  
  
3301-01-20   
  
Commentators from the Dulos system are reporting a massive swing in the popularity of the Dulos Defence Party who recently announced that they would seek to withdraw the system from the Federation. A spokesman for the party said -  
  
“Following on from our success with the economy for the markets under our control this additional boost just reinforces that our vision for the future of our system is the correct one.”  
  
An official statement from President Halsey’s office has not been forthcoming and this news can only increase the political turmoil her presidency has become embroiled in.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Empire Ousted from Facece System  
  
3302-01-20   
  
Recent reports indicate that an independent faction known as the Allied Facece Order has wrested control of the Facece system from the Empire. Details are scarce, but it is believed that the Allied Facece Order took control of the system after achieving several strategic victories against Imperial Naval forces. Chancellor Anders Blaine, who was until recently the system's primary administrator, was approached for comment:  
  
"I want to assure the people of Facece that the current state of affairs is only temporary. The Facece system will soon return to Imperial control, and the rebels who have undermined our authority will be made to answer for their crimes.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-01-24   
  
The recent Sirius Corporation campaign to protect starports from Unknown Artefact-related interference is already bearing fruit.  
  
Using material donated by the galactic community, Sirius Corporation scientists have dramatically increased the efficiency of meta-alloy application, thereby restoring many of the starports affected by Unknown Artefact-related disruption.  
  
The corporation's researchers have confirmed that far fewer meta-alloys are now needed to counter Unknown Artefact-related disruption and repair malfunctioning starports.  
  
As the lists below indicate, the number of affected starports has already been reduced, and it is hoped that these lists will only shorten as the weeks go on.  
  
At the time of writing, the following starports remain closed.  
  
Birkhoff Station, Chnemine  
  
Descartes Station, Neche  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Haisheng Orbital, HR 8474  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
Roentgen Hub, LFT 37  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
i Sola Prospect, Brestla  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Bacon City, Carnoeck  
  
Elder Works, Ross 154  
  
Kagan Vision, Col 285 Sector IX-T d3-43  
  
# A Vintage to Remember  
  
3304-01-26   
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced an initiative to construct an orbital family restaurant in the Wangal system. The eatery, which will be named DaMorg's Bar and BBQ, will allow spacers to enjoy the finest food and drinks that Wangal has to offer.  
  
In support of this initiative, Angeli Imperial Enterprises has issued an open order for various construction and outfitting materials, and has pledged to pay well above the market rate for these commodities. Independent pilots who want to support the initiative are instructed to deliver the requested goods to Nelder City in the Wangal system.  
  
A spokesperson for Angeli Imperial Enterprises released the following statement:  
  
"We are eager to share our fine produce with the galaxy at large. 'When there is plenty of wine, sorrow and worry take wing.' Let's bring that joy to Wangal…and beyond!  
  
The campaign begins on the 25th January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Senator Torval Speaks out against Aisling Duval and Her Abolishionist Message  
  
3300-12-22   
  
Speaking to press in the jungle retreat on her yacht 'Xanadu' this morning, when asked about the comments Aisling Duval made on the chat show 'Celebrity Pets' Zemina Torval stated:  
  
"That illegitimate child Aisling Duval speaks out against slavery, but she knows nothing of it. Look at our streets. We have no beggars. No graffiti. No one goes hungry. Our streets are safe.  
  
Look at the Federation. The girl's never been of course. People die of starvation despite their crippling taxes. Is that what she wants, because it seems popular? Go to the Federation then!  
  
She speaks for her father because he can barely talk and is only lucid for a few moments at a time. It's not as if her father will ever ascend to the throne. Everyone knows he wrecked his brain many years ago.  
  
We couldn't reach Aisling Duval for comment.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Patreus Attacks Durius  
  
3300-12-23   
  
Senator Patreus held talks on his Majestic class Interdictor the "Imperial Freedom" last night.  
  
The talks in the palatial Red Room on his ship were an impressive affair, but they quickly broke down early this morning, GMT, and Governor Malachai flew back to Durius without any comment to the press.  
  
After the talks Senator Patreus gave an interview with journalists that had been invited on board for the talks.  
  
"I am very disappointed that Mr. Malachai has not taken this issue seriously. Honour and honesty are vital attributes in our modern society, and here we have seen neither. It is with a heavy heart I have decided to take action to recover the debt from Durius. I have ships already in the Durius system, and more will be deployed as required.  
  
Panic has spread through the tiny population of this feudal backwater, as the system moves to a war footing.  
  
# Aisling Duval Reaffirms her Objection to Emperor’s Marriage  
  
3301-01-20   
  
Aisling Duval, once thought to be second in line to the throne, has objected to the finding of the Marriage Council that her objection had no merit. She has said on a leaked private chat -  
  
“The rotten marriage council is made up of my grandfather’s cronies. How can they block my objection now it is clear he is in a coma? Marriage is about love!”  
  
The ruling of the Marriage Council was apparently made before the announcement of the coma, and under Imperial rules, an objection cannot be lodged more than once by the same person.  
  
# Embattled Federal President Asks Us to ‘Hold Firm’  
  
3301-01-21   
  
In a Presidential address last night, President Jasmina Halsey gave a length speech outlining the various successes she claims her government has made over the course of their current term. However, when pressed to answer questions regarding the recent wave of systems scrambling to leave the Federal fold, President Halsey simply said -  
  
“We are facing troubled times. While it is easy for some to declare that the military are the solution, we must look further ahead. Our society fails those who need our help the most and it is by lifting those at the bottom that we will restore Federal society to what it should be.”  
  
Political pundits were quick to point out that her speech contained very little substance, with many complaining that the President had failed to address any of the actual threats that face the Federation today. Some have even gone so far as to suggest that her mishandling of the current socioeconomic climate has left the Federation weaker than it has ever been before, pointing to the recent slide of Banki and BD+03 2338 into states of lawless anarchy as prime examples of the President’s continued failures.  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-01-20   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# More Starports Fall Victim to Technological Plague  
  
3302-01-20   
  
Authorities in Eravate, Almar and Halbangaay have confirmed that theirs are the latest systems to experience mysterious technical issues, bringing the total number of systems affected by what some are calling 'the technological plague' to 22. All services apart from docking and shipyard access have been suspended at Ackerman Market in Eravate, von Bellingshausen Port in Almar and Haack Gateway in Halbangaay. A complete list of affected stations follows.  
  
Starports where services have been suspended:  
  
Ackerman Market, Eravate  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gabriel Enterprise, Harma  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis  
  
Weyn Dock, 64 Arietis  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Starports experiencing technical issues:  
  
al-Din Prospect, Alpha Centauri  
  
Robigo Mines, Robigo  
  
Saunders's Dive, Wolf 1301  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Coats Hub, Warkushanui  
  
Bond Hub, Varati  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
Tsunenaga Dock, Iapodes  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Ray Gateway, Diaguandri  
  
Vizcaino Enterprise, Nganji  
  
Talos 2, Peregrina  
  
We will continue to bring you up-to-the-minute reports on this issue.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-01-25   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Simbad Regime Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-01-26   
  
A spokesperson for the Simbad Regime has announced that its appeal for construction materials has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. This has resulted in a massive influx of deliveries to Parmitano Terminal, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
The spokesperson went on to say:  
  
“The Simbad Regime would like to thank all the Commanders who supported this project, and to invite the galactic community to visit our new base, once it is complete.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Parmitano Terminal in the Nu Tauri system.  
  
# Restoring Order in Wangal  
  
3304-01-26   
  
Authorities in the Wangal system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, Angeli Imperial Enterprises has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Nelder City.  
  
The campaign begins on the 25th of January 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The New Imperator  
  
3305-01-31   
  
Hadrian Augustus Duval has broadcast a message following the purge of isolationist group Nova Imperium:  
  
"Arissa Lavigny-Duval has revealed the true face of her regime – one based on brutality and terror. The callous execution of Imperator Mordanticus, in conjunction with thousands of Imperial citizens, shows her desperation to cling onto power at any cost.  
  
"Nova Imperium survives in the Paresa system, a single light in the darkness. We stand for an Empire that respects everyone, from slaves to senators. I truly hope that any who value honour and tradition will help keep our spark alive.  
  
"Our martyred leader will never be forgotten. In his honour, I have taken the title of Imperator Duval, until such time as the people choose me as their rightful emperor.  
  
"Memento Mordanticus!  
  
## nova imperium  
  
## Hadrian Augustus Duval  
  
### Imperator Duval  
  
## Arissa Lavigny-Duval  
  
## Imperator Mordanticus  
  
## Paresa system  
  
## Empire  
  
# Vitadyne Campaign Ends  
  
3305-01-31   
  
An initiative from Vitadyne Labs to award a distribution licence to a pharmaceutical company has now concluded.  
  
Professor Katrien Rook announced:  
  
"Thanks to many hard-working traders, both Neomedical Industries and the Vandermeer Corporation received enormous quantities of advanced medicines, computer components and auto fabricators.  
  
"We are evaluating each company's ability to manufacture the nanomedicines, and will award the contract shortly.  
  
Pilots who made deliveries to Neomedical Industries can now collect their rewards from Piserchia Port in Alignak, while those who delivered to the Vandermeer Corporation can collect their rewards from Elion Dock in Kuma.  
  
## Nanomachines story  
  
## Professor Katrien Rook  
  
## Neomedical Industries  
  
## Vandermeer Corporation  
  
## community goal end  
  
## rewards  
  
### Neomedical Industries  
  
* Alignak  
    * Piserchia Port  
  
### Vandermeer Corporation  
  
* Kuma  
    * Elion Dock  
  
# Emperor Sickness Worsens  
  
3300-12-23   
  
Rumours are spreading that the Emperor's illness has taken a turn for the worse. Speeders carrying medical experts have been seen entering the palace, and inadvertently last night an Imperial aide confirmed that one wing of the Imperial Palace has been turned into a hospital.  
  
Critics of the Emperor have said that he should have taken genetic therapies long ago. With them he would have lived another fifty years, but the Emperor has always believed in clean living and avoided medications, drugs and narcotics. Those same critics also blamed him for his rebellious son's descent into debauchery during his early years as a response to his father's "puritanism" as Harold called it at the time. Others have pointed out that Harold would have rebelled whatever, and some say this rebellious nature explains Harold's stance on slavery.  
  
# Christmas Celebrations Begin throughout the Federation and Alliance  
  
3300-12-24   
  
Christmas celebrations and official public holidays have begun throughout Federal, Alliance and some independent systems.  
  
In ancient times the date once marked the shortest day on Earth and developed into a key date for various ancient religions still observed by some. The now traditional Christmas celebration of commercial excess, parties and present-giving is in full swing.  
  
In Imperial systems the focus of the present-giving celebrations is the New Year in the standard calendar, and of course Empire Day, the day after.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Rumours of Imperial Wedding Delay Confirmed  
  
3301-01-21   
  
After days of widely circulating rumours that ships belonging to major dignitaries had not yet departed for tomorrow’s wedding, the palace this morning confirmed that there will be a delay to the start of festivities. Chancellor Anders Blaine made an announcement on the steps of the Imperial Palace saying -  
  
“It is with deep regret I have to announce that his Grace, the Emperor Hengist Duval, remains too unwell to participate in the wedding ceremony tomorrow. As such, it is with great sadness that I must declare a temporary postponement of the intended revelries. Hopefully this will be a delay of just a few days. I will make announcements each day once we know more.”  
  
The Chancellor refused to take questions, and returned inside the palace moments after his announcement.  
  
Although there is anger amongst some lesser dignitaries that they weren’t told in advance, the markets did not notably change in reaction to this news, suggesting that the true state of the Emperor’s health has come as no surprise to those in power.  
  
# Patreus Announces Generous Settlement of Dispute in Durius  
  
3301-01-22   
  
Senator Patreus today announced an end to hostilities in the Durius system. The conflict in Durius began after the ruling authorities defaulted on a large debt that they’d inherited from the previous government. The Senator’s civic management teams are now in the process of taking over control of the system’s government in preparation for its new status as an Imperial world.  
  
As well as declaring the aforementioned changes, Senator Patreus offered a great deal of praise in response to the overwhelming number of independent pilots who travelled to Durius in order to join his cause -  
  
“In this modern age of new drive technology and rapid interstellar travel we find ourselves becoming ever more reliant on the outstanding work carried out by our honoured allies of the Pilot’s Federation. Without their timely assistance many more casualties would have befallen both sides of the conflict. Not just myself, but the people of Durius owe those brave independent pilots a debt of gratitude for helping to end this war before it got truly out of hand.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Faction's Appeal Successful  
  
3302-01-21   
  
According a statement from the Green Party of HIP 112974, the faction's recent appeal for onionhead has been successful. In the statement, a spokesperson confirmed the faction had received sufficient quantities of the drug to establish a new onionhead-trading operation:  
  
"We're hugely grateful to all the traders who made deliveries to la Cosa City, and all the pilots who kept the traders safe by clearing the agitators from our spaceways. May this be the start of a long a profitable relationship between the Green Party of HIP 112974 and the galactic community.  
  
The Green Party of HIP 112974 has confirmed that those who contributed to the appeal could collect their rewards from la Cosa City in HIP 112974.  
  
# Galactic News: Sirius Corporation Reveals Results of Analysis  
  
3302-01-21   
  
Following the recent discovery of the remains of the Antares, the Sirius Corporation has been subjecting the wreckage to extensive analysis in an attempt to determine exactly what happened to the luxury liner. In a press conference held this morning, a spokesperson for the organisation revealed the initial results of the analysis:  
  
"Our investigation has confirmed the original finding that a cascade failure in the hyperdrive's internal containment systems caused a catastrophic explosion within the drive. The mapped wreckage pattern suggests that the failure occurred while the Antares was transitioning from normal space to hyperspace. The precise cause of the failure remains unexplained, however. We will continue to analyse the available data to see what more we can learn.  
  
# Community Goal: Alliance Appeals for Help  
  
3303-01-26   
  
The Alliance Council of Admirals has announced that an Alliance convoy has been attacked in the Fedmich system.  
  
According to a statement, the convoy was transporting personnel and military equipment to a secure Alliance outpost. It is understood the attack was executed by criminals operating in Fedmich.  
  
Most personnel were safely evacuated, but many of the ships comprising the convoy had to be abandoned. Furthermore, a number of occupied escape pods remain among the wreckage.  
  
A spokesperson for the Council of Admirals released a statement:  
  
"It is imperative that all personnel and material carried by this convoy be recovered as soon as possible.  
  
"To that end, we have authorised Fedmich Electronics Partners to coordinate a rescue operation, and will gladly reward those who deliver occupied escape pods and wreckage components to Roberts Port in the Fedmich system. Combat pilots are also needed to neutralise agitators operating in Fedmich and thus ensure the safety of those recovering material from the convoy.  
  
The operation begins on the 26th of January 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Body Found at Wreaken Construction Site  
  
3303-01-27   
  
An unidentified individual has been found dead at a Wreaken Construction site in the COL 70 sector. The body was disfigured as a result of radiation exposure, and identification has so far not been possible. System authorities are conducting an investigation.  
  
A representative of Wreaken Construction responded to the discovery with a statement:  
  
"There have been several incidents of individuals trying to break into our facilities. This is an unfortunate event, but frankly the victim brought this accident on themselves. Our facilities are secured for a reason – manufacturing is a dangerous business.  
  
Meanwhile, independent pilots have reported that Wreaken Construction sites are heavily guarded, and that approaching ships have been aggressively warned away by Wreaken-owned vessels.  
  
## Premonition  
  
# Aisling Duval Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-01-26   
  
Representatives of Princess Aisling Duval have announced that the Princess’s anti-slavery campaign in the Guuguyni system has come to a successful conclusion. Hundreds of independent combat pilots supported the initiative, taking to their ships to neutralise the slave traders operating in the region.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Princess Duval released the following statement:  
  
“I am immeasurably grateful to those who supported this campaign. You have saved hundreds of people from a life of misery.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Shen Terminal in the Guuguyni system.  
  
# Starport Attacks Continue  
  
3304-01-26   
  
Two further starports have fallen prey to Thargoid attack: Kipling Orbital in the Pleiades Sector KC-V C2-11 and Malthus Terminal in the Pleiades Sector HR-W D1-41.  
  
As with previous Thargoid assaults, the attacks have caused significant damage and resulted in huge numbers of casualties.  
  
A member of starport personnel at Kipling Orbital offered the following:  
  
“It seems the Thargoids are sweeping the region, moving slowly in the direction of the core systems. But why?”  
  
Authorities in the affected systems have issued requests for help, imploring independent pilots to deliver aid and evacuate civilians.  
  
# Investor Sets Sights on Supratech  
  
3305-01-31   
  
Billionaire investor Lexi October has announced plans to save technology company Supratech from bankruptcy:  
  
"Although Supratech's Torc design proved to be impractical, I feel that a company with such imagination and expertise deserves another chance to succeed. So I have decided to fund a commodity drive to get Supratech back on its feet.  
  
"I have invited the People's Rakapila Progressive Party to organise shipments of Computer components, Auto-fabricators and Hardware diagnostic sensors, which will enable Supratech to resume its innovative work.  
  
Deliveries should be made to Stone Enterprise in the Rakapila system. To protect traders, the People's Rakapila Progressive Party has placed a kill order on all wanted ships in the system.  
  
The initiative begins on the 31st of January 3305 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## COMPUTER Rivalry STORY  
  
## Lexi October  
  
### bILLIONARE INVESTOR  
  
## sUPRATECH  
  
## People's Rakapila Progressive Party  
  
## community goal start  
  
### delivery  
  
### combat  
  
## Rakapila  
  
### Stone Enterprise  
  
# Rebellion Failing in Jera?  
  
3300-12-24   
  
Senator Denton Patreus refused to comment today when questioned regarding the apparent failure of the rebellion in the Jera system despite his support.  
  
Reports from the system have indicated that the local security forces with the support of hired independent pilots experienced little difficulty in suppressing the attacks by the rebel forces. One of the pilots commented:  
  
“I’ve never had a job this easy. It’s like the rebels can’t even be bothered to fight. It’s the easiest money I’ve ever made!”  
  
A source close to the senator revealed that more forces may be sent to the system.  
  
# Imperial Marriage Postponed  
  
3301-01-22   
  
In a follow up to yesterday’s announcement, the marriage of Emperor Hengist to his childhood sweetheart, Florence Lavigny, has now been postponed indefinitely. The news marks the first time in over five hundred years that an Imperial wedding has had to have been delayed for any reason.  
  
As well as costing the Imperial Treasury a small fortune, the delay comes as a serious blow to Arissa Lavingly’s claim to the throne. Experienced commentators have noted that whilst Arissa currently enjoys the support of Chancellor Blaine, a well respected and staunch supporter of traditional Imperial values, he has previously stated that the next Emperor should follow the Duval line.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3302-01-21   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,993 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Law Party of Njulngan  
  
Dhang Defence Force  
  
Ross 23 Incorporated  
  
LTT 305 Electronics Network  
  
Omagatae Liberals  
  
Vogulu Empire Assembly  
  
HIP 18187 Blue Legal Partners  
  
Niu Lang O Electronics Company  
  
Ti Wa Blue Allied Company  
  
Vistobici Corporation  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Professor Ishmael Palin Issues Request for Meta-Alloys  
  
3302-01-21   
  
A remarkable discovery was made last week when non-human structures were found on a number of planets in the Pleiades Nebula. These 'barnacles', as the galactic community has christened them, produce a material known as meta-alloys, the exact properties of which are not yet known.  
  
The discovery was followed swiftly by news that technical personnel at Obsidian Orbital – one of the starports affected by the mysterious malfunctions sweeping the galaxy – had apparently used meta-alloys to return the starport to some kind of normality. Naturally, this prompted speculation that the meta-alloys might hold the key to eradicating the technological plague that has blighted so many starports in recent months.  
  
Professor Ishmael Palin, the former Federal scientist conducting research into the unknown artefacts, is evidently thinking along the same lines:  
  
"The report from Obsidian Orbital is indeed encouraging, but there is still a great deal we do not know, including the cause of the malfunctions, or if the meta-alloys are indeed capable of countering them. That is why I am appealing to the galactic community to deliver as many meta-alloys as possible to my new research base at Obsidian Orbital. Only by amassing a substantial research sample can we know for sure whether or not the meta-alloys can be used to target this mysterious technological malady.  
  
Professor Palin has pledged to reward all pilots who deliver meta-alloys to his base of operations at Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
# Galactic News: Aliens Walk among Us!  
  
3303-01-28   
  
Outspoken conspiracy theorist Ricardo Bentonio has lent his voice to the debate surrounding reports of mysterious spacecraft. And true to form, he has made some rather implausible claims.  
  
On his programme 'Behind the Curtain', Bentonio said:  
  
"I am in contact with an individual who has irrefutable proof that these ships are Thargoid vessels. And what's more, I have been reliably informed that the Thargoids have been exerting direct influence over human society. Everything that is happening is unfolding according to their plan. Soon, it will be too late!  
  
Few in the media or the world of politics deigned to respond to Bentonio's claims.  
  
## Thargoid  
  
## Ricardo Bentonio  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-02-01   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-01-30   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Salgari Enterprise, Mawa  
  
Regiomontanus Dock, Tjapurnaru  
  
Vonarburg Port, Maridal  
  
Hind Mine, T Tauri  
  
# Galactic Community Comes to Aid of Dove Enigma  
  
3304-01-31   
  
An attempt to sabotage the Dove Enigma, a Wells-class Carrier based in the Colonia system, has been thwarted by the galactic community.  
  
The would-be saboteurs tried to destabilise the vessel by flooding its black market with Thargoid Sensors, which have the capacity to damage ships and starports. Fortunately, the assault was countered by a group of pilots who delivered large quantities of meta-alloys to the ailing ship, thereby stabilising it.  
  
The Dove Enigma was specially commissioned by the Colonia Council as a commemorative gesture for the pilot Commander DoveEnigma13, and as such is of personal significance to many. The ship is also the destination of the Enigma Expedition, a collective mission currently charting a course to the Colonia system.  
  
An engineer stationed at the Dove Enigma gave the following statement:  
  
“We’ve received more than enough meta-alloys to stabilise the ship, and the surplus will allow us to safeguard against any further sabotage attempts. We’re hugely grateful to the pilots who came to our aid. Their efforts are a testament the compassion of the galactic community.”  
  
# Celebrity Admits to Faking Disappearance  
  
3305-02-02   
  
The actor Consuela Knight, who recently vanished from her private yacht along with its crew, has been located at a luxury retreat.  
  
An anonymous reporter told independent newsfeed The Sovereign:  
  
"Consuela Knight was spotted alive and well at the Skyglow Havens on the Rhea Archipelago, where she had been living under a false identity.  
  
"When challenged, Ms Knight admitted that her disappearance was in fact an elaborate hoax. Fearing that her career was fading, she arranged her 'mysterious' disappearance to enhance her fame, paying her crew enormous sums to follow suit.  
  
"Ms Knight has now fled Rhea and is presumably living in seclusion elsewhere.  
  
Many of Knight's fans have disputed this account, claiming that such elaborate deception is out of character for the actor. Authorities have accepted the explanation, however, and the investigation has been officially closed.  
  
## Missing Persons storyline  
  
## Missing Celebrity STORY  
  
## Consuela Knight  
  
## The Sovereign  
  
### independent newsfeed  
  
### anonymous reporter  
  
## Skyglow Havens  
  
### Rhea Archipelago  
  
# Senator Torval Frees 10,000 Slaves  
  
3300-12-25   
  
Senator Torval has long criticised slavery outside the Empire or 'unregulated slavery' as she refers to it.  
  
Even though she doesn't celebrate Christmas, for the last few years she has freed slaves she has found for sale in Federal systems. Speaking from her yacht the 'Xanadu' she said:  
  
"Today, as with previous years, I am freeing 10,000 unregulated Federal slaves bought from private traders in Federal systems for their Christmas celebration. The barbarism of unregulated slavery in the Federation is unforgivable. The Federation needs to pass laws to regulate slavery rather than pretending the practice doesn't exist.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Federal President Denies Onionhead Crackdown  
  
3300-12-25   
  
After the traditional Presidential Christmas Eve banquet in New York on Earth in Sol last night, the President was confronted by a crowd protesting against ‘Oniongate' - and the bombing of fields and farms on Panem in Kappa Fornacis.  
  
Struggling to speak above the noise of the crowd chanting “Babykiller”, President Halsey answered questions from the press.  
  
"I have heard about the terrible events on Panem. I did not issue any orders to crack down on the narcotic onionhead, and certainly did not authorise bombings of the surface. Admiral Vincent has operated without my authority and I have asked for an enquiry to see how this happened.  
  
This is a surprising development, as it seems unlikely Admiral Vincent would have acted without support from the top. Some are saying this is Halsey washing her hands of the problem.  
  
# Outcry Over Imperial Marriage Delay  
  
3301-01-23   
  
Following news that the Imperial Wedding would have to be delayed indefinitely, a wave of unrest has begun manifesting itself across the Empire. Citizens from all over Imperial space have flooded popular social sites to express their disappointment, frustration and concern over the matter.  
  
One particularly angry Patron proclaimed, “It’s not about the loss of business, it’s about the loss of trust! It’s pretty clear that the Emperor has been seriously ill for quite some time, yet the Chancellor likes to pretend that everything is okay. Well it’s not okay! This latest gaffe by the Imperial Palace shows just how little attention our leaders are paying to the Citizenry on the streets, they’re all too busy playing trying to grab whatever scrap of power they can, and who suffers for it? We do.”   
  
The Chancellor’s office declined to offer any new comments as to whether or not the Imperial Wedding would be rescheduled for any time in the near future.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Slave Emancipation Program Faltering  
  
3301-01-23   
  
Following Aisling Duval’s passionate outburst on “The Breakfast Show”, it was announced today that her charitable organisation, Stop Slavery Stupid, will be increasing subsidies for various emancipation programs being run from slave rehabilitation centres in Cemiess.  
  
Stop Slavery Stupid have said that they will be using this new windfall to offer a more competitive rate of compensation to citizens willing to set their Imperial Slaves free.  
  
This renewed commitment to liberate Imperial Slaves has been met with a great deal of derision from business leaders throughout the Empire. When asked for an official comment, The Chairman of the Cemiess Workforce Acquisitions Agency had this to say -  
  
“Aisling and SSS doubtlessly mean well, but unfortunately her youthful enthusiasm and kind heart is getting in the way of her common sense. It’s pretty clear Aisling doesn’t understand the ramifications that would occur should she succeed in abolishing such an integral facet of our society. Never mind the fact that no one affluent enough to afford slaves would be foolish enough to simply sell them off at a loss. Hopefully our young lady Duval will give this up before she manages to bankrupt herself in an attempt to pursue this fruitless endeavour.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Emperor's Dawn 'Shadow' Cells Discovered  
  
3302-01-21   
  
When the Federal Navy destroyed the Emperor's Dawn base in the Kausalya system in December, many believed the organisation had finally been defeated. The Federal offensive, which was supported by a large deputation from the Federal Navy Auxiliary, was swift and merciless, and resulted in the total destruction of the insurgent outpost. But a statement from the office of Imperial Senator Denton Patreus indicates that, against all odds, Emperor's Dawn has endured.  
  
"The Imperial Internal Security Service has discovered that Emperor's Dawn has 'shadow' cells in the Dakshmandi, Ipilyaqa and Ch'i Lin systems – secret outposts that were apparently designed to protect the organisation's leadership in the event of a military defeat. It is of course vital to the continued security of the Empire and its people that these outposts be neutralised as swiftly as possible. If it is not, Emperor's Dawn could re-emerge to threaten the galaxy once again.  
  
Senator Patreus went on to issue a call to arms:  
  
"Swiftly neutralising these outposts depends on the support of the galactic community, and to this end I have authorised the payment of privateer bonds to any pilots who help with the offensive against Emperor's Dawn. Let us destroy these vile dissidents once and for all.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-02-02   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bacon City, Carnoeck  
  
Birkhoff Station, Chnemine  
  
Descartes Station, Neche  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Elder Works, Ross 154  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Haisheng Orbital, HR 8474  
  
Kagan Vision, Col 285 Sector IX-T d3-43  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
i Sola Prospect, Brestla  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
# Community Goal: The Colonia Expansion  
  
3303-02-02   
  
The Colonia Council has launched a third migration appeal, giving the galaxy's minor factions an opportunity to establish a permanent presence in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation explained the nature of the initiative:  
  
"Once again we are asking pilots to deliver a specific commodity to Jaques Station on behalf of their chosen organisation in order to earn a migration visa.  
  
"At the end of the campaign, the ten factions that have made the largest contribution will earn the right to settle in one of the systems we have targeted for colonisation. A new planetary outpost will be constructed in the system for the organisation's sole use.  
  
The campaign begins on the 2nd of February 3303 and will run for four weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Alliance Initiative  
  
3304-02-01   
  
The Alliance has announced plans to build an Orbis starport in the Synuefai EB-R c7-5 system, between the core systems and the Alliance’s outposts in the California Nebula.  
  
Alliance official Torvan Dast issued the following statement:  
  
“The remoteness of our California Nebula outposts makes reaching them a potentially dangerous proposition. This new starport will bridge the gap between the settlements and the galactic core, and lessen the risk to ships journeying to and from the California Nebula.”  
  
The initiative is being overseen by the LP 128-32 Corporation, which has placed an open order for various raw materials for use in the construction. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing material to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 1st of February 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Angeli Imperial Enterprises Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-02-01   
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced that its appeal for construction and outfitting materials has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Nelder City, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
Patrician Mitchell, spokesperson for the organisation, released the following statement:  
  
“Thanks to the efforts of the galaxy’s independent pilots, DaMorgs Bar and BBQ will soon be open for business. I can personally recommend the Mortisagus Merlot, the Hazara Stout, the Senor Ping Pinot and the Crighton Cabernet.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Nelder City in the Wangal system.  
  
# Kincaid Raises Concerns after Nova Imperium  
  
3305-02-07   
  
President Gibson Kincaid has sought to illustrate potential threats to the Alliance, highlighting isolationist group Nova Imperium as an example. Speaking to the Alliance Tribune, President Kincaid said:  
  
"The rise of such radical beliefs demonstrates how quickly the other superpowers might turn against us. Had the recent military conflict ended differently, the Empire would have callously abandoned humanity's united struggle against the Thargoid threat."  
  
"All other leaders are looking elsewhere, pretending Nova Imperium never happened. But I have the courage to give a voice to our people's fears. The Alliance must prepare to stand alone against any aggressor, whether human or alien!"  
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon later released a brief response:  
  
"I remind President Kincaid that his focus should be on diplomatic duties, as agreed by the Assembly. Inter-superpower cooperation against the Thargoids remains unchanged, and the Empire's internal politics do not concern the Alliance."  
  
## Gibson Kincaid  
  
### alliance president  
  
## Nova imperium  
  
## Alliance  
  
## Alliance Tribune  
  
## Empire  
  
## Thargoid  
  
## Edmund Mahon  
  
### Alliance Prime Minister  
  
## Assembly  
  
## Inter-superpower cooperation  
  
# Slave Rebellion Crushed  
  
3300-12-25   
  
In a statement from one of Senator Torval's closest advisors the Senator declared that the rebellion in the Sorbago system had been crushed. She praised her forces and the allied pilots who aided in suppressing the rebellion.  
  
"The institution of Imperial slavery in the Sorbago system has been restored. Those that have broken tradition will be punished according to Imperial law. Our focus now is on restoring production and additional manpower from Mastopolos Mining will be transferred into the system to assist in the rebuilding process.  
  
She also promised that the situation in the system would return to normal quickly, although local market prices haven't yet returned to their pre-rebellion levels.  
  
# University Student Sit-In  
  
3300-12-26   
  
A peaceful Christmas demonstration which started on Christmas Day continues on the steps of the Congress building in Olympus Village on Mars.  
  
This year Christmas falls during the cold season, and the students are wrapped up warm, mostly dressed in red and white Santa outfits. Above them a giant repeating holo of the burning warg running from the field of flames plays. The protestors chant "Babykiller" in between renditions of various carols with amended words to reflect the protest.  
  
Newsfeeds are now carrying this story throughout the Federation, but members of the government have been unavailable for comment.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Sale at LHS 3447 to End  
  
3301-01-24   
  
Last week the Future of LHS 3447 party generously announced that they would be sharing their recent success by offering a substantial discount on all ships purchased from the shipyards of LHS 3447. The sale has seen independent pilots flocking to the system, which in turn has led to local traders experiencing a huge boom in profits across the board.   
  
As the sale begins to draw to a close, the Future of LHS 3447 party have issued a statement thanking all of their customers for helping stimulate the system’s economy, pledging to spend a fifth of the profits earned on rejuvenating system services aboard stations throughout LHS 3447.  
  
“The last week has been simply amazing,” a representative of the Future of LHS 3447 told Galnet, “we never dreamed the response would be so positive. We can only hope that traders continue to think of LHS 3447 as a destination of choice in the future. The Future of LHS 3447 is to become a hub of interstellar commerce for all vessels passing through this sector. If you don’t believe me, come visit us this weekend. The sale has to end soon! So come get yourself a bargain before it’s too late.”  
  
# Lucan Onionhead Now Cultivated in the Tanmark System  
  
3301-01-24   
  
Breaking news from the Tanmark system would seem to indicate that Admiral Vincent’s bombing of Panem has only slowed the spread of Onionhead.  
  
News has reached GalNet that a new strain of Onionhead, which is believed to have been cultivated in secret somewhere on Luca, with assistance from farmers from Panem in the Kappa Fornacis System has begun turning up on the local markets.  
  
A dedicated reporter managed to track down Georgio Algeria on Panem, and it seems his group have been part of this -  
  
“I said we would be back, and here we are. You cannot spoil our happiness. We are still cool. We have more friends that you realise. And now we are rich!”  
  
Due to a quirk of Federal Law, the new strain does not fall under the statue banning sale of Onionhead, as Lucan Onionhead is a different strain. Federal Labs are reported to be rushing the tests through in order to make it illegal as soon as their processes allow.  
  
# Freelance Report: Officials Deny Funding 'Turbo Hour' Endurance Race  
  
3302-01-22   
  
Officials at Kanwar Horizons in the Turbo system have strenuously denied allegations of involvement in an unsanctioned Buckyball Racing Club event known as the 'Turbo Hour Endurance Race', which will apparently run alongside the station's annual air show and starship exhibition.  
  
Station entertainment director Hector LeMans described as "preposterous" claims that the Turbo Blue Netcoms Exchange was secretly bankrolling the race in order to attract larger crowds. "Our air show is wholesome entertainment, and we don't want it ruined by these Buckyballers and their 'high-octane' shenanigans," he said.  
  
LeMans had a clear message for anyone tempted by rumours of free ship resprays for the winners: "I'm sure that authorities in the 49 D Orionis, Unkulcay and Vasak systems would agree that racers will find the same strictly-enforced speed limits and standard market prices for fuel and repairs at our stations as any other law-abiding pilot.  
  
The air show will run from the 25th of January to the 12th of February.  
  
Commander furrycat  
  
# Freelance Report: Leading Scientist Expresses Doubts  
  
3302-01-22   
  
Yesterday, Professor Ishmael Palin called upon independent pilots to deliver meta-alloys – produced by the newly discovered 'barnacles' in the Pleiades Nebula – to Obsidian Orbital, suggesting that the material could be the cure for the technological virus spreading through inhabited space. But Professor Violet Belbin of the Xenological Research Institute has expressed doubts:  
  
"I would caution against assuming that this material is the answer to our problems. The nature of these 'barnacles' is not fully understood. They could be a form of alien life, and harvesting them could have unforeseen consequences. The Xenological Research Institute is sending a team to Maia and asks that Professor Palin takes our concerns into consideration.  
  
Pilots have already started delivering cargo holds full of meta-alloys to Professor Palin's base of operations at Obsidian Orbital.  
  
Commander Stateira 'Starcloak' Eleshenar  
  
Zandu Science Journal | Interstellar Press  
  
# Community Goal: Halsey to Build Refugee Centre  
  
3303-02-02   
  
Former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has announced plans to establish a rehabilitation centre for victims of war – specifically those affected by the ongoing Federal-Imperial conflict. In a statement, Halsey said:  
  
"The centre will of course provide victims with food and shelter, but it will also serve to reunite families and friends, and where necessary will help those affected by war relocate to new systems.  
  
Humanitarian groups were quick to applaud Halsey, who since being discharged from the Clearwater Clinic in July last year has repeatedly expressed her commitment to peace.  
  
The campaign has received financial support from the Yum Kamcabi Purple Life Industry, which has placed an open order for Power Generators, Tantalum and Polymers for use in the construction. Pilots who deliver these commodities to Dirichlet Orbital in the Yum Kamcabi system will be generously rewarded.  
  
The campaign begins on the 2nd of February 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Second Colonia Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-02-03   
  
The second Colonia Council migration appeal has come to an end. Hundreds of organisations took part in the campaign, delivering huge quantities of material to Jaques Station in the hope of earning a place in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
In a statement, a spokesperson for the Colonia Council said:  
  
"We are immensely grateful to those who contributed to this appeal, which has demonstrated the galactic community's ongoing commitment to the Colonia community. The material we have received will be used in various infrastructure projects throughout the region.  
  
# Order Restored in Wangal  
  
3304-02-01   
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced that its campaign to clear the Wangal system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Authorities in Wangal have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Nelder City in the Wangal system.  
  
# Campaign for New Xeno-Research Centre  
  
3305-02-07   
  
Dr Roy Casimir of the Holloway Bioscience Institute has announced plans to construct a research centre focusing on new life forms discovered by the galactic community:  
  
"The development of the Codex has led to a number of xenological discoveries. Our aim is to construct a dedicated scientific facility to analyse these incredible lifeforms."  
  
"We therefore request quantities of Cobalt, Indium and Tantalum to be delivered to Williams Vision in the Nahuaru system."  
  
"In addition, we ask pilots to provide us with exploration data, which will form the core of our xenological research catalogue. Nahuaru Crimson Bridge Int has agreed to fund the initiative and reimburse contributing pilots."  
  
The initiative begins on the 7th of February 3305 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## CGS  
  
## Dr Roy Casimir  
  
## Holloway Bioscience Institute  
  
## construct a research centre  
  
## Williams Vision  
  
### Nahuaru  
  
### Nahuaru Crimson Bridge Int  
  
# Torval Backs Patreus's Line on the Imperial Succession  
  
3300-12-26   
  
In a frosty response to a question from a reporter climbing into a speeder, Senator Torval replied:  
  
"All this in-fighting over the succession is unseemly. I have at least as much Imperial blood as that Arissa Lavigny woman and you don't see me clamouring for the throne. Any fool can change their name to Duval, but it makes no difference. I may disagree with Senator Patreus on many things but he is right on this matter. We must do what is best for our beloved Empire. Not glory for an individual. In the absence of a clear well-prepared successor, the throne should go to the Senator most popular with the Citizens, and like it or not that is currently Patreus.  
  
# Commanders Decide Two Civil Wars as Torval Triumphs, Patreus Defeated but Defiant  
  
3300-12-26   
  
Commanders' assistance helped Imperial Senator Zemina Torval gain a crushing victory and 76% influence in the Sorbago system. Torval used the Mastopolus Mining Corporation as a front to acquire slaves and bolster her power base in the manoeuvring to succeed the ailing Emperor Hengist Duval.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus was dealt a bloody nose in the Jera system, with Commanders weighing in to ensure that the incumbent Jera Social Democrats remained in power despite Patreus's best efforts.  
  
The Emperor himself has been making quite an impact for such an allegedly frail man. Days after appearing in the Senate to pronounce his son and heir Harold 'not of sound mind', Hengist Duval announced his intention to marry his sweetheart from their younger years, Florence Lavigny.  
  
Even in his condition, the Emperor will be fully aware of the focus this throws on his and Florence's illegitimate daughter Arissa. The soon-to-be Princess Arissa immediately announced her intent to change her surname to Duval, seemingly putting her in pole position in the succession race.  
  
Undeterred by his defeat in Jera, Senator Patreus has declared all out war on the tiny feudal system of Durius for defaulting on massive loan payments to him. Commanders are taking this fresh opportunity to earn credits whilst influencing the wider battle for Imperial succession. Although support for the Durius government has risen slightly since Patreus's intervention, the outcome is still very much in the balance.  
  
The Federation are also active. After blockading Kappa Fornacis and then apparently sending Federal dropships in to bomb its Onionhead farms, President Halsey yesterday surprisingly sought to deny responsibility for the outrage - she suggested Admiral Vincent was acting without her authority.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Istanu Piracy Out of Control  
  
3301-01-25   
  
An investigation into local pirate activity near the Alliance core systems has shown a focused gathering of cut-throat pirates in the Istanu system.   
  
Miners operating in the area have been abruptly forced to leave or face death at the receiving end of high powered beam lasers.   
  
One local miner who wished to remain anonymous (due to future health reasons) had this to say about the situation-  
  
“It’s out of control! These pirates won’t let an honest miner do a day’s job without gettin’ shot at. The Alliance aren’t interested in doing anything about them! We need more independent pilots to come help clean up this mess.”  
  
Individual contractors are being informed that many bounties are up for grabs. For a point of contact, CMDR Jobedy of the Alliance Outskirt Fleet has taken lead and is forming a local militia to assist the innocent miners reclaim the system.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-01-23   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,370 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Osermo Gold Dynamic Incorporated  
  
HIP 43296 Labour  
  
Slatus PLC  
  
Orgen Citizen Party  
  
The Gathering  
  
League of Mannona  
  
Confederacy of Bondranses  
  
Labour of Cochi   
  
Indines Commodities  
  
Ambirikar Imperial Society  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Professor Ishmael Palin Responds to Fellow Scientist's Concerns  
  
3302-01-23   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin, the scientist conducting research into the Unknown Artefacts, has issued a response to Violet Belbin of the Xenological Research Institute. Professor Belbin recently released a statement in which she suggested that Professor Palin was exercising insufficient caution over the meta-alloys – the substance produced by the so-called 'barnacles' discovered in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
"I have nothing but respect for Professor Belbin, but on this occasion I feel her concerns are misplaced. There is no evidence that the meta-alloys are harmful, and I can assure the professor that my team and I will take every precaution when handling and testing them. Furthermore, I am not rushing to any conclusions regarding their possible application. We do not know if the meta-alloys can counter the malfunctions affecting our starports, which is precisely why I wish to study them. As a scientist, I feel an obligation to contribute to a deeper understanding of this material.  
  
# Galactic News: Galactic Leaders Trade Blows  
  
3303-02-03   
  
The leaders of the galaxy's three superpowers have released further statements concerning reports of mysterious spacecraft.  
  
Emperor Arissa-Lavigny Duval, responding to the recent statement from Federal President Zachary Hudson, said:  
  
"Once again, President Hudson has shown himself to be little more than a warmonger. I say again: we must not jump to conclusions. We have not yet acquired any reliable information about these vessels. We must be patient.  
  
No sooner had the Emperor made her statement than President Hudson responded. Speaking at a rally on Mars, he said:  
  
"Some believe that aliens have infiltrated the Empire. An improbable claim? Maybe. But then again, maybe not. After all, we are almost certainly dealing with an extremely advanced species. Who knows what they are capable of?  
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon did not release a statement, but former Federal president Jasmina Halsey, who has become one of Mahon's most trusted advisors, made an announcement in which she seemed to address the ongoing Federal-Imperial conflict as much as the mysterious ships:  
  
"Understanding. Cooperation. These must be our watchwords. We have to go beyond party politics and petty point scoring. Only by working together can we hope to avoid bloodshed.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Alliance Initiative  
  
3304-02-02   
  
The Alliance has announced plans to build an Orbis starport in the Synuefai EB-R c7-5 system, between the core systems and the Alliance’s outposts in the California Nebula.  
  
Alliance official Torvan Dast issued the following statement:  
  
“The remoteness of our California Nebula outposts makes reaching them a potentially dangerous proposition. This new starport will bridge the gap between the settlements and the galactic core, and lessen the risk to ships journeying to and from the California Nebula.”  
  
The initiative is being overseen by the LP 128-32 Corporation, which has placed an open order for various raw materials for use in the construction. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing material to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 1st of February 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Angeli Imperial Enterprises Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-02-02   
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced that its appeal for construction and outfitting materials has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Nelder City, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
Patrician Mitchell, spokesperson for the organisation, released the following statement:  
  
“Thanks to the efforts of the galaxy’s independent pilots, DaMorgs Bar and BBQ will soon be open for business. I can personally recommend the Mortisagus Merlot, the Hazara Stout, the Senor Ping Pinot and the Crighton Cabernet.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Nelder City in the Wangal system.  
  
# Supratech Initiative Concludes  
  
3305-02-07   
  
A commodity drive to revive technology company Supratech has ended successfully, with large numbers of materials being delivered.  
  
Scorpio DeVorrow, CEO of Supratech, announced:  
  
"We are immensely grateful to Lexi October for her timely investment, to the People's Rakapila Progressive Party for organising the campaign, and to all the traders who delivered these commodities. This has brought the company back from the brink, and secured our future."  
  
Business analysts have suggested that adding Supratech to her investment portfolio reveals Lexi October's ambitions to break into the lucrative personal-computer market.  
  
Contributors to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Stone Enterprise in the Rakapila system.  
  
## CGE  
  
## Scorpio DeVorrow  
  
### CEO of Supratech  
  
## Supratech  
  
## Lexi October  
  
## People's Rakapila Progressive Party  
  
## personal-computer market  
  
## Stone Enterprise  
  
### Rakapila  
  
# Shadow President Hudson Supports Navy  
  
3300-12-27   
  
In what is usually a quiet time for politics the Shadow President has given an interview to support Admiral Vincent.  
  
"Our military forces have always operated independently of government. In fact some of the worst events in our long history were caused by political meddling in military matters. President Halsey is out of order to distance herself as she has. Our forces need to be able to enforce the law in far flung systems, and we should be pleased that they do so very well. It is clear that sometimes the law they are enforcing is the problem, and it is up to Halsey to change that.  
  
If it is indeed the case that these actions took place without direct orders from the President it suggests a rift between the beleaguered President and her top Admiral.  
  
# Dulos to Hold Referendum on Leaving the Federation  
  
3301-01-25   
  
The people of Dulos have finally begun preparations for the referendum that will decide whether or not the system retains its Federal status. At the moment the federal vote, represented by the Green Party of Dulos, is lagging behind by almost 30 points. If things don’t change by Monday, the Dulos Defence Party will win by a landslide, leading the system to declare itself an independent state.  
  
Polling suggests that the movement for independence has enjoyed strong support amongst the local populace, a sentiment which is becoming more and more common among systems positioned outside of the Federal core, though in the last few days Federal supporters have become more active.  
  
Of course not everyone is eager to leave the Federation behind. The independence movement in Sugrivik has failed to sway local voters to their cause, despite a significant amount of credits being spent by Purple Netcoms Holdings in an attempt to persuade people to back their play for independence.  
  
When asked for comment in regards to the Dulos referendum, President Halsey’s office issued a statement saying that the President trusts the people of Dulos to do the right thing.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Sale at LHS 3447 Ends  
  
3301-01-26   
  
Previously Unknown Explorer Returns from Outer Rim  
  
Lincoln station played host to a rather eclectic delegation of scientists this weekend, as word spread of the return of Erimus Kamzel from his lengthy expedition to our galaxy’s Outer Rim. Commander Erimus’ journey, which started in Sol, saw our intrepid explorer travel a total of a staggering 144,000 light years before he was able to return home.   
  
Part of the journey saw Erimus pass through the Galactic Core, where he was able to collect great swathes of data on areas such as the Greae Phio Stellar Forge, the Phipoea Nebula and the Dryad Chrea Stellar Remnant.  
  
Perhaps most exciting of all, Commander Erimus is believed to have mapped out a whole host of previously unexplored areas of space beyond the Scutum-Centaurus Arm. Federal, Imperial and Independent scientists from institutions all over occupied space are now engaged in a hot bidding war to see who will be the first to get their hands on Commander Erimus’ records.  
  
Erimus has issued a statement saying that he believes his discoveries should be shared freely with all humanity. To which effect he has released a series of video logs that can be viewed right now by searching your local video network for Distant Suns.  
  
# Freelance Report: Dr Arcanonn Receives Death Threats  
  
3302-01-25   
  
Dr Arcanonn from the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has released a statement to the galactic media:  
  
"I am now working from a new laboratory, two kilometres underground, at a secret location. My colleagues have forced me to relocate in the interests of my own safety. The death threats began shortly after I urged the galactic community to search for the barnacles. As word reached us of fellow scientists disappearing under mysterious circumstances, we realised the threats were not idle.  
  
"But the work must go on. I urge you to continue to gather meta-alloys for Professor Palin. He is our best hope to solve the station malfunctions. But stay away from people harbouring the irrational idea that this endeavour will lead to our annihilation.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Galactic News: Children of Raxxla Release Report  
  
3303-02-03   
  
The Children of Raxxla, based in the HR 6421 system, have released an analysis of the exploration data recovered by the galactic community in November last year.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"There was a vast amount of data to sift through, but our analysis led to some notable discoveries in the Formidine Rift, the Conflux and Hawkin's Gap. There are indications that some kind of covert mission took place in these regions back in the 3270s. So far we have found shipwrecks, beacons and abandoned settlements dating from that time, and logs and records relating to this strange mission.  
  
"It appears that a fleet was despatched, over 30 years ago, to install a series of beacons in the region. None of the ships returned to their point of origin. It seems that this mission was called 'the Dynasty Project'. The purpose of the mission isn't yet clear, but it was evidently a massive undertaking, particular given the technological limitations of the time – it would have taken a year to complete that journey 30 years ago.  
  
The spokesperson was asked if the data supported the organisation's belief that Kahina Loren was innocent of the attempted assassination of Admiral Denton Patreus.  
  
"Unfortunately there is nothing in the data that throws new light on Salomé's demise. But before she was arrested, she indicated that these three sectors were significant. We now believe that that is why she was killed.  
  
## Premonition  
  
# Galactic News: Ram Tah Comments on New Discoveries  
  
3303-02-06   
  
Independent engineer Ram Tah, who has been leading research into the Synuefe ruins, has commented on the discovery of several new, similar sites:  
  
"I am delighted that our research has led explorers to further ancient sites, and I am hopeful that these ruins will yield fresh information about the Guardians.  
  
"I am aware that some pilots believe the new sites are identical to the one in Synuefe XR-H d11-102, but deeper analysis reveals that while the structures follow a set architectural pattern, the configuration of the codex-data pillars is different. This means there is probably unique data at each site, and I urge explorers to investigate the codex layouts to ensure no data is missed.  
  
Ram Tah also urged independent explorers to deliver any recovered data promptly, as his deciphering software can be applied to Guardian codices for only a few weeks.  
  
# Order Restored in Wangal  
  
3304-02-02   
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced that its campaign to clear the Wangal system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Authorities in Wangal have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Nelder City in the Wangal system.  
  
# Secret Research Outpost Attacked  
  
3305-02-08   
  
A Federal Navy vessel has reported the discovery of an unregistered outpost with all occupants murdered, following a response to an automatic distress signal.  
  
The incident is being investigated by the Federal Intelligence Agency. Senior Agent Rochelle Karim made the following statement:  
  
"This remote lunar base was designed to prevent detection, and yet it has been located and invaded by unknown forces who chose to gun down its inhabitants. It appears access codes were used to bypass security systems, as there are no signs of forced entry."  
  
"Initial findings suggest the outpost was dedicated to advanced nuclear research. This may have been a targeted attack in order to steal a power source, a weapon, or valuable data."  
  
"We are conducting a thorough examination of the site, and expect to learn more soon."  
  
## Federal Navy  
  
## unregistered outpost  
  
### all occupants murdered  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
### Senior Agent  
  
### Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
## remote lunar base  
  
### Moon?  
  
### Remote in relation to what?  
  
### no signs of forced entry  
  
### invaded by unknown forces  
  
### advanced nuclear research  
  
### steal a power source, a weapon, or valuable data  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
# Aisling Duval Speaks about Her Father  
  
3300-12-27   
  
For the first time Aisling Duval revealed a little of the state of mind of her father Harold, on "Late Night with Aaron Smith". He is no longer considered by many as heir to the throne, following the Emperor's formal declaration that he is not of sound mind.  
  
"My father is a kind man. A gentle man. A thoughtful man. He has always loved parties, and some have criticised him for that. It has perhaps taken its toll on him too. He is only seventy, but does look a lot older now I'll admit, but that hasn't taken away his kindness.  
  
His father has always disliked him, and that is something I can't understand. I suppose it is fair to say they dislike each other. I'm sure many of the things Harold said and did in his earlier years were to annoy Hengist, but rebelling against a parent is not such unusual behaviour for a youngster. Taking away his throne though is a spiteful act.  
  
It is clear from the social media response to her comments that she has avoided the question of his sanity. More importantly it makes her claim to the throne more tenuous.  
  
# Federal Shadow President Demands Conscription  
  
3300-12-28   
  
In the traditional speeches that mark the re-opening of Congress after the holiday, Congressman and Shadow President Zachary Hudson has outlined his views for the coming year.  
  
In a long speech highly critical of his opponent President Halsey, the only new element was his criticism of Federal youth.  
  
"We need to get the unemployed lazy youth of our core systems off their backsides. They need to get off their sims, and in to the real world to do something useful. We need to counter the Imperial threat. Let's get them into the Marines and the Navy. Let's spend our tax credits on protection, not sloth. The Navy never did me any harm.  
  
# Sale at LHS 3447 Ends  
  
3301-01-26   
  
The Future of LHS 3447 Party, in partnership with the LHS 3447 Dynamic and Co Corporation, would like to take this opportunity to thank customers both old and new for their continued patronage.  
  
The last week has seen an unprecedented number of traders pass through the system, with reports indicating that profits are up over 500% across the board. The biggest winners were the shipyards in Dalton Gateway, who saw profits soar an unprecedented 65 fold after selling a record breaking 2364 ships in just 5 days. Perhaps unsurprisingly, a large portion of those profits can be attributed to unprecedented sales of the ever popular Lakon Type 9 Heavy and its little sister the Lakon Type 7.   
  
Members of the local community flocked to social media to praise the leadership of the Future of LHS 3447 Party, not only for increasing trade across the board, but also for their continued commitment to making LHS 3447 a hub of Federal activity for the surrounding sector.  
  
# Galactic News: Sirius Corporation Responds to Calls for Clarity  
  
3302-01-25   
  
Since the wreckage of the Highliner Antares was recovered several weeks ago, the families of those who lost their lives aboard the ship have been lobbying the Sirius Corporation for more information. Specifically, questions have been asked about where the wreckage was found, and if any human remains were recovered. The corporation, evidently aware that the public is hungry for information, has now released a statement:  
  
"We are aware that some sectors of the galactic community believe we have not been sufficiently transparent regarding our research into the Antares. Please be assured that any lack of clarity is in no way indicative of a desire to withhold information – it is simply a reflection of our focus on our research.  
  
"In light of this, we can confirm that the remains of the Antares were found in the Luyten 205-128 system, and that no organic remains were recovered. As for the cause of the explosion, we can only reiterate our earlier statement that a cascade failure in the hyperdrive's internal containment systems triggered an explosion within the drive. Although the precise cause of the explosion is not yet known, we believe any additional information will only corroborate our assessment that the destruction of the Antares was nothing more than a tragic accident.  
  
"We would like to take this opportunity to extend our condolences to those who lost loved ones aboard the Antares.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-01-26   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,128 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Progressive Party of Nawait  
  
Binjamingi Allied Ltd  
  
Ining Industry  
  
Union of Contien Progressive Party  
  
Ngaru Services  
  
Neperimpox Jet Fortune Ind  
  
Sietae Federal Corp.  
  
Igal Empire Assembly  
  
Fretensis Patronage  
  
HIP 1885 Patron's Principles  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,104 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Pontae Camorra  
  
Laifan Co  
  
Taramaliwa Allied Commodities  
  
LP 466-235 Fortune Corporation   
  
Iota Horologii Ltd  
  
Wayan Energy Network  
  
Democrats of Masans  
  
Manbatz Systems  
  
Uniting Noegin  
  
United Nedos League  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-02-07   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bacon City, Carnoeck  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Elder Works, Ross 154  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Haisheng Orbital, HR 8474  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
i Sola Prospect, Brestla  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Bartlett Gateway, Heikegani  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Hirase Horizons, Nemet  
  
White Orbital, Aiabiko  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-02-06   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Novitski Horizons, Addovii  
  
# Galactic Leaders Renew Appeals for Aid  
  
3304-02-08   
  
Seventeen starports have now been attacked by the Thargoids, resulting in widespread destruction and loss of life. Many of these stations remain in a critical state, unable to offer essential services.  
  
In response, Federal President Zachary Hudson and Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval have issued fresh appeals for aid, imploring independent pilots to support relief efforts.  
  
In her announcement, Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
“Relief coordinators are doing everything they can, but without the support of the galactic community, the restoration of these stations will take a long time. I therefore implore independent pilots to deliver essential commodities to the affected starports, and to evacuate civilians.”  
  
The Emperor also confirmed that Aegis is investigating reports that the Thargoids are moving towards the core systems.  
  
# Ambrose Foundation Bankrupted Overnight  
  
3305-02-09   
  
The family-run Ambrose Foundation, a multi-billion credit institution, has lost its entire fortune in a single day.  
  
Business analyst Marlon Royce reported on Vox Galactica:  
  
"The Ambrose Foundation combines the wealth of several centuries-old royal and noble houses. It is primarily involved in corporate investment and occasional charity work."  
  
"All of that changed abruptly when its accountants announced the loss of 100% of all assets, worth nearly three hundred billion credits. Inexplicably, everything the foundation owned has been liquidated and transferred to anonymous accounts at banks scattered throughout the galaxy."  
  
"Local security services are investigating a possible data hack. But of greater concern is the disappearance of family heiress Lady Talitha Ambrose. Some fear she has been kidnapped and forced to provide authorisation codes to her colossal inheritance."  
  
## Ambrose Foundation  
  
## Marlon Royce  
  
### Business analyst  
  
### Vox Galactica  
  
## Lady Talitha Ambrose  
  
### Missing  
  
## Stolen Credits  
  
### three hundred billion credits  
  
## data hack  
  
## Empire ?  
  
### references royal and noble houses  
  
# Federal President Announces Tax Rises in New Year  
  
3300-12-29   
  
In a move causing shockwaves throughout Federal space, President Halsey has announced Federal tax increases.  
  
"I am sorry and I appreciate people are frustrated about this, but I have to announce further Federal tax rises. This is to cover our ever increasing welfare burden, and high military spending.  
  
Federal taxation is already a problem throughout Federal space, and this squeeze where the frontier worlds are effectively supporting the rich core systems is causing unrest amongst the frontier states.  
  
Commentators have suggested the Shadow President's speech yesterday was triggered by some inside knowledge or leak from the President's staff. Confidence ratings of the President are now at an all-time low.  
  
# Durius Fights Back  
  
3300-12-29   
  
The armed conflict between Senator Patreus’s Imperial forces and those of the impoverished Durius system continues.  
  
Patreus is paying well for outside assistance, but an exhausted Governor Malachai has spoken out.  
  
"What can we do? Our people are dying. We cannot pay even the interest on these crippling debts. Those irresponsible fools that accepted this money in the first place are long gone, but we are left to pick up the pieces. How can we ever hope to get out of this hell?  
  
I call on those independent governments out there like ours thinking of getting into debt with this evil Senator to think twice. We are forced to protect our homes because that is all we have left.  
  
# Dulos Announces its Intention to Secede  
  
3301-01-27   
  
A record number of people turned out to vote on the matter of an Independent Dulos this weekend, so much so that local station services found themselves struggling to contain the sheer number of visitors to the system.   
  
While the battle was hard fought, with impassioned last minute campaigning coming out from both sides, in the end the Defence Party of Dulos managed to garner a staggering 75% approval rating for their move towards an Independent Dulos. The Federal representatives, the Green Party of Dulos, have said that they will not be contesting the vote.  
  
This news will come as quite a blow for President Halsey, whose heavy handed rule of Federal Frontier systems has seen a number of far flung provincial governments start to question the value of maintaining ties with Sol.  
  
Doubtless this most recent defection will be watched with great interest by powers throughout the galaxy, although exact details regarding a roadmap towards true independence for Dulos has yet to be announced.  
  
# The Silver Comet  
  
3301-01-27   
  
The bounty hunter gossip columns are abuzz with a reported sighting of the fabled 'Silver Comet'. A long-standing superstition states that "anyone who sees the Silver Comet will die," and it seems this latest sighting will only serve to reinforce the myth. The report came from Quiness by pilot Johanna Meister, Deadly rank, who has since disappeared - last sighted in the Alioth system.  
  
The Federal Navy dispatched a taskforce to investigate the mysterious comet’s appearance in Quiness, although so far they claim to have uncovered no evidence to support Commander Meister’s claim.   
  
This news hasn't stopped independent hunters from getting curious. Silhar Bradeus, head of the Bounty Hunters Guild, has offered a hefty reward for any information on the Silver Comet or the location of missing pilot Johanna Meister.  
  
# Vive La Révolution De Lave  
  
3301-01-28   
  
Word circulated recently on the Galnet boards that a coalition of pilots of French origin (a country from ancient Earth, whose descendants still speak an archaic dialect) were planning to launch a violent coup aimed at gaining control of Lave station.  
  
As home to one of the galaxy’s finest flight schools, Lave holds deep sentimental value to many pilots from all walks of life.  
  
Lord Ryan of Ugain was the first to hit back, “My family emigrated from Lave to the Empire back in the days of Walden! We won't let the system succumb to tyranny again!”   
  
Commander Ulysses Wolf, an Imperial Explorer, also hit back, “We won't just stand by and let it happen!”  
  
Many other pilots also voiced their discontent, suggesting that if a French Coalition did attempt a takeover they'd have more than just local Alliance Forces to deal with. President James Gibson of Lave couldn't be reached for comment.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Pilot Breaks Eight-Hour Sagittarius A* Barrier  
  
3302-01-26   
  
Buckyball champion Commander Alot has broken the eight-hour barrier for a trip from Sol to Sagittarius A* in his ship, Rhonda the Anaconda. Having failed in his first attempt to set a sub-eight hour record by just six seconds, Commander Alot ultimately succeeded in completing the 25,900 light year journey in 7 hours, 56 minutes and 41 seconds. He announced his success in characteristically matter-of-fact style at 2.00 pm on the 24th of January: "That's. More. Like it.  
  
No stranger to the Sagittarius A* Buckyball challenge, Commander Alot has made the trip no fewer seven times. He has more or less dominated the number-one slot since first wresting it away from the original record holder, Commander Anuranium, in April 3301, when he completed the run in 11 hours and 46 minutes.  
  
As tributes from fellow Buckyball pilots poured in, the 'fastest pilot in the galaxy' confirmed he would be taking a well-earned break from the cockpit, although he said he hoped to catch up with the Distant Worlds expedition later in the year.  
  
Commander Alec Turner  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-01-27   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-02-08   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Community Goal: Valentine's Day Appeal  
  
3303-02-09   
  
Human civilisation spans hundreds of star systems and encompasses a wide range of cultures, but many people still share a number of traditions. One such tradition is Valentine's Day, a celebration of romantic love dating from the 5th Century.  
  
With many choosing to mark the occasion by giving gifts to their significant other, retailers throughout the galaxy are preparing for a busy week. One of these retailers, Vestani Conservatives, has placed an open order for various commodities in anticipation of this hectic period. A spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"We won't be able to fulfil our commercial obligations without the support of the galactic community, so we're offering generous premiums to pilots who deliver Thrutis Cream, Deuringas Truffles and Esuseku Caviar to our headquarters at Rose Terminal in the Vestani system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 9th of February 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Peacock Patrons of Law Issue Appeal  
  
3303-02-09   
  
The Peacock Patrons of Law have placed an open order for Robotics, Ion Distributors and Emergency Power Cells. The organisation has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Phillips Dock in the Peacock system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 9th February 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Ram Tah's Last Hurrah  
  
3304-02-08   
  
Ram Tah, the galaxy's foremost expert on the Guardians, has revealed that his research funding will soon end. In an effort to make the most of his remaining finances, the engineer has appealed to independent pilots to deliver Guardian artefacts to his base in the Meene system.  
  
In a statement, Ram Tah said:  
  
"Public interest in the Guardians may have waned, but I believe there is more to learn. Only through thorough investigation and analysis can we hope to fully understand the Guardians, their technology, and their relationships to other species. This knowledge could be of great importance to humanity.  
  
The campaign has received a financial boost from Meene General Industries, which has promised to reward pilots who deliver artefacts from Guardian sites to Felice Dock in the Meene system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 8th of February 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Preserving the Sim-Archive  
  
3304-02-08   
  
The Utopia movement has announced that the Sim-Archive is to undergo a period of comprehensive maintenance.  
  
Pranav Antal, leader of Utopia, elaborated on the nature of the project:  
  
"The Sim-Archive is Utopia's primary achievement – a vast digital repository containing the collective wisdom of all our departed brothers and sisters. But, like any system, the Archive requires constant maintenance, as a failure in the system could result in the loss of irreplaceable knowledge. We have therefore placed an open order for various commodities for use in this delicate work.  
  
The Official Airman Di Front has been authorised to oversee the initiative, and has pledged to reward pilots who deliver the requested goods to Chargaff Orbital in the Airman Di system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 8th of February 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Thief Strikes Again  
  
3305-02-14   
  
A number of invaluable art treasures have been stolen from the Museum of Civilisation on Mars.  
  
Museum historian Dr Imogen Ryang said:  
  
"The stolen pieces include Rembrandt's Self-Portrait with Two Circles (17th Century), Guernica by Picasso (20th Century) and Terra Absentia by Zoe Okeke (23rd Century). Each of the works was replaced with the image of a winking cat."  
  
"The loss of so many cultural artefacts is incalculable. This despicable criminal should have been hunted down long ago."  
  
Culture journalist Kioko McGrath published an alternative view in The Federal Times:  
  
"High-profile crimes such as this have resulted in the 'winking cat' motif becoming a popular anti-establishment symbol, appearing in advertising, graffiti and music. Ironically, the calling card of an art thief is now itself a culturally significant work of art."  
  
## Museum of Civilisation  
  
### Mars  
  
* Sol  
  
## Dr Imogen Ryang  
  
### Museum historian  
  
## Stolen works  
  
### Rembrandt's Self-Portrait with Two Circles  
  
* 17th Century  
  
### Guernica by Picasso  
  
* 20th Century  
  
### Terra Absentia by Zoe Okeke  
  
* 23rd Century  
  
## Kioko McGrath  
  
### Culture journalist  
  
### The Federal Times  
  
## winking cat  
  
# Merope Defence Initiative  
  
3305-02-14   
  
The Atlas Research Group has urgently requested military materials to increase security in the Merope system.  
  
Defence Director Jacob Chowdhury said:  
  
"The Thargoid presence throughout the Pleiades Nebula continues to be a major threat. To reassure the public, Atlas is investing in improved defences for the Merope system."  
  
"Traders are invited to deliver Reactive Armour and Military Grade Fabrics to Reed's Rest. To help protect incoming ships from criminal elements, we have also allocated bounties to all wanted vessels in the system."  
  
The initiative begins on the 14th of February 3305 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Sanna in Bid to Leave Federation  
  
3300-12-30   
  
The Congressman for Sanna, Marcus Albertson, has given a speech to his own parliament in Sanna.  
  
"Federal taxes are holding back our progress. We say we have democracy but what can we change? Our coffers are sucked dry by the Federation as they lord it over us. What do we get in return? We get one vote in Congress. One vote! We are powerless. I suggest we get no votes in Congress and keep our money and our freedom! I suggest we leave the Federation immediately!  
  
His speech was met by cheers, not just from his own party, but from the opposition too.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Mistaken Identity Leads to Outrage Amongst Explorers’ Association  
  
3301-01-28   
  
In a surprising twist to a story published earlier in the week, it would appear that the man previously believed to have been Commander Kamzel of the DSS Beagle, was in fact an imposter who had stolen the Commander’s identity in order to try and sell millions of credits worth of bogus data.  
  
According to the real Commander Kamzel’s support team, the last communiqué from the intrepid explorer had come just days before the imposter had carried out his plan to impersonate the Commander. The communiqué in question stated that the Commander’s trusty ASP, the DSS Beagle, had received significant damage while in the outer reaches of the galaxy.   
  
Lincoln station security services believe that the imposter managed to intercept the message to Kamzel’s team, at which point the thief decided to take advantage of the uncertainty surrounding the fate of the DSS Beagle in order to steal millions of credits.   
  
It is believed that Commander Kamzel is currently on his way towards the Scutum-Centaurus arm, at which point he will attempt to send an encrypted signal to his team in case a rescue operation is needed.  
  
# Congressman Had Early Knowledge of VP’s Death?  
  
3301-01-28   
  
The press furore over the death of the Federal Vice President has been given a new burst of life, after a recording of a local constituency meeting was released on the scurrilous news channel ‘The Low Down’.  
  
In the otherwise low-key meeting held in a village outside Quenisset, Mars, on January 12th, the local mayor offered his condolences to the family and friends of a local businessman murdered during a robbery earlier in the week. George Fallside, the local Congressman, was present at the meeting. The Congressman, who was clearly distracted by social media at the time of the meeting, followed the mayor’s speech by offering his condolences to the Vice President’s family.  
  
This was an hour after the VP’s death, but half an hour before the news of his death broke. The Congressman was not available for comment, but an aide has said -  
  
“Is it a big deal? He clearly misheard what was said.”  
  
On ‘The Low Down’ they followed up by emphasising the Congressman’s links with the military, and in particularly his non-exec directorship of Core Dynamics.  
  
# Community Goal: The Search for Starship One  
  
3302-01-28   
  
In May 3301, the personal vessel of the Federal president, Starship One, disappeared en route to the Azaleach system. An investigation was promptly launched, but the fate of the vessel and her crew, which included then-president Jasmina Halsey, could not be conclusively determined. In a statement released earlier today, Federal President Zachary Hudson announced his intention to resume the search for the ship, inspired by the discovery of the remains of the liner Antares:  
  
"Like many others, I was heartened by the Sirius Corporation's success, and I found myself thinking that if the remains of a ship lost fifty years ago could be found, surely a ship lost less than a year ago could also be recovered. I am therefore offering generous reimbursements to pilots who deliver wreckage components to the Federal research outpost at Leoniceno Orbital in the Azaleach system. Once we have gathered enough material, we will analyse the debris to determine if any of it is from Starship One. If we are able to find the remains of the ship, we may be able to determine what happened to President Halsey and the rest of the ship's crew.  
  
But it appears that President Hudson is not the only person eager to find Starship One. In a strange turn of events, an organisation by the name of Daurtu Jet Comms PLC has also announced its intention to search for the missing presidential vessel. Virtually nothing is known about Daurtu Jet Comms PLC, but the fact that it is offering even larger rewards than the Federation may convince pilots to lend the organisation their support.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Professor Ishmael Palin Announces Breakthrough  
  
3302-01-28   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin has announced that his request for meta-alloys has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to his research base at Obsidian Orbital. In a statement, the Professor expressed his satisfaction at the response, and also shared news of a dramatic breakthrough in his research into the Unknown Artefacts:  
  
"For much of the past week I have been investigating the ongoing technical issues at Obsidian Orbital, and I can now confirm what many of us have long suspected: the Unknown Artefacts are most definitely the cause.  
  
"Apparently the objects have the ability to repair themselves – to re-grow, even – by extracting the necessary non-organic materials from their immediate environment. It really is quite remarkable. That's why they harm ships and other machinery – if they are damaged when they're scooped up, they use the metals in a ship's hull, or a starport's superstructure, to repair themselves. Even minor damage will trigger the self-repair mechanism.  
  
"What is still not clear is if the meta-alloys can be used to counter this harmful process. That is what my team and I will be investigating over the coming weeks, using the research sample provided by the galactic community. As soon as we have something concrete to share with the public, we will do so.  
  
This remarkable announcement represents a significant development in UA research, but it leaves the wider questions of the objects' origin and purpose unanswered.  
  
# Galactic News: Halsey's Campaign Reaches Successful Conclusion  
  
3303-02-09   
  
Former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has announced that her campaign to establish a rehabilitation centre for victims of war has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering construction materials to Dirichlet Orbital, the campaign's centre.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Jasmina Halsey released a statement:  
  
"It is clear to me that, in the current political climate, peace cannot be achieved without practical effort. It feels so good to do something that will have a measurable impact.  
  
"My sincere thanks go to the many pilots who supported this campaign, and to the Yum Kamcabi Purple Life Industry for its generous financial support.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Dirichlet Orbital in the Yum Kamcabi system.  
  
# Alliance Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3304-02-08   
  
The Alliance has announced that its appeal for materials has reached a successful conclusion, having received the unalloyed support of the galactic community. Huge quantities of raw materials were delivered to Bulychev Hub over the past week, which will be used to build an Orbis starport in the Synuefai EB-R c7-5 system.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Alliance official Torvan Dast issued a statement, thanking those who supported the campaign and adding:  
  
“By providing Alliance convoys and independent pilots with a much-needed resupply point, we hope this new starport will be the first step in transforming what is currently an outlying enclave into a thriving community.”  
  
Construction of the new starport is expected to begin soon. Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Bulychev Hub in the LP 128-32 system.  
  
# Galactic Leaders Renew Appeals for Aid  
  
3304-02-09   
  
Seventeen starports have now been attacked by the Thargoids, resulting in widespread destruction and loss of life. Many of these stations remain in a critical state, and are unable to offer essential services.  
  
In response, Federal President Zachary Hudson and Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval have issued fresh appeals for aid, imploring independent pilots to support relief efforts.  
  
In her announcement, Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
“Relief coordinators are doing everything they can, but without the support of the galactic community, the restoration of these stations will take a long time. I therefore implore independent pilots to deliver essential commodities to the affected starports, and to evacuate civilians.”  
  
The Emperor also confirmed that Aegis is investigating reports that the Thargoids are moving towards the core systems.  
  
# Xeno-Research Campaign Ends  
  
3305-02-14   
  
A campaign from the Holloway Bioscience Institute to build a xenological research centre has concluded successfully.  
  
Chief researcher Dr Roy Casimir told the media:  
  
"Thanks to Nahuaru Crimson Bridge Int we now have sufficient materials to build a planetary outpost where our scientists can study lifeforms identified by the galactic community."  
  
"We are also grateful for the exploration data provided by many pilots, which will help us create a new research catalogue."  
  
Pilots who took part in the campaign can now collect their rewards from Williams Vision in the Nahuaru system.  
  
# Aisling Duval Lashes out against Torval  
  
3300-12-30   
  
Aisling Duval provided a colourful outburst while discussing Senator Torval's home system Synteini on the lifestyle show 'Favourite Holidays'.  
  
"Torval is a horrible, twisted old lady. We have no beggars or people going hungry on the streets as they are down her mines working their fingers to the bone, starving in private!  
  
Senator Torval, now back in Synteini for the holiday celebrations responded:  
  
"I wouldn't set any store by her childish outbursts. She doesn't know what she is talking about. A happy New Year and Empire Day to all.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Federal Shadow President Demands Lower Taxes  
  
3300-12-31   
  
In a statement Shadow President Hudson announced his sympathy for Sanna.  
  
"Our taxes are crippling those we most need to help. We waste it on bureaucracy and the lazy. We should be supporting and protecting hard working States like Sanna.  
  
It is understood a Federal Battlecruiser will be deployed some time in the New Year to provide a venue for discussions, and to help Sanna remain within the Federation.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Arissa Lavigny Gives Revealing Interview and Pledges Continuity with Blaine  
  
3300-12-31   
  
On the Imperial Herald political show, Arissa Lavigny gave a long and detailed interview, hinting that the Emperor's status was not as serious as some claimed.   
  
"We've heard a lot of debate between the honourable Denton Patreus, Aisling Duval, and Zemina Torval, but we need to look at the Empire itself. We need continuity, not in-fighting. His Excellency Chancellor Anders Blaine has served my father well for over five decades. Soon my mother will finally marry my father, but rest assured if and when the time comes I will serve the Empire as best I can, and will bring continuity and stability.  
  
Share prices on Imperial markets have already risen in pre-holiday trading.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Senator Offers Deep Discounts on Military Surplus  
  
3301-01-29   
  
Following on from the cessation of hostilities in Durius, civic management teams operating on behalf of Senator Patreus have declared that they will be holding a fire sale to clear out any excess equipment which the citizens of Durius no longer require.  
  
It is hoped that the sale will generate some much needed capital for the impoverished region, although how many of the credits will be directly spent on the Durius system remains unknown. When asked to comment on the matter, Senator Patreus’s office said that a fair repayment schedule has been organised. They went on to state that most of the credits accrued would be left in the hands of the Citizens of Tradition, who will continue to manage the day to day running of Durius for the foreseeable future. It is not clear at this stage whether this will cover the repayments.  
  
Any pilots interested in saving themselves some serious credits on small non-Imperial ship upgrades are advised to head over to the Speke Prospect outpost in Durius immediately. Sale only while stocks last!  
  
# Federal Crackdown in Banki and BD+03 2338  
  
3301-01-30   
  
The Federation has started to insist that its member states follow procedure if they wish to leave. Congressman Jefferson, the Secretary of State for Finance said -  
  
“We will take a firm stance against States withholding their contributions to the Federal budget. If States wish to leave, then they must follow the proper procedure. It may be unpopular, but that is what they agreed to.”  
  
Reports are coming in that representatives of the Federal Navy have been deployed to Banki and BD+03 2338 with explicit orders to bring the systems back under Federal Law.  
  
Independent pilots interested in gaining favour with the Federation are being asked to assist the Gold Advanced Partners in Banki, and the Progressive Party in BD+03 2338. Both groups have been given access to sizeable war chests by the Federal Navy.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Focus on Democracy  
  
3302-01-28   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,139 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Green Party of Ross 302 0  
  
Official Kosha Dominion  
  
V2689 Orionis Jet Transport Ltd  
  
V2689 Orionis Limited  
  
Matia Empire League  
  
Xuanduna Imperial Society  
  
Nagnutli Gold Federal Partners  
  
Wapiya Crimson Universal Systems  
  
HIP 116436 Empire League  
  
Labour of Acane  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Campaign to Develop i Sola Prospect  
  
3302-01-28   
  
The Imperial Inquisition is known for regularly organising competitive combat events, ranging from small-scale skirmishes to the popular 'Hunter Games', an intense 20-person gladiatorial competition. As one might expect, members of the organisation make frequent use of outfitting services, but they are constrained by the fact that their nearest outpost offers only a limited range of options. That's why the faction has launched a campaign to develop its local outpost of i Sola Prospect on Brestla A1.  
  
Central to the initiative is a request for industrial materials, which the Imperial Inquisition will use to upgrade the outpost. A spokesperson for the group released a brief statement:  
  
"Developing i Sola Prospect will mean that every type of weapon, ship and component needed to deliver the ultimate entertainment experience is always available. Naturally this will also be a huge boon to the galactic community.  
  
If the campaign is successful, i Sola Prospect will become the first planetary outpost to boast a complete range of services, including a comprehensive shipyard.  
  
# Freelance Report: Conflict Erupts at Obsidian Orbital  
  
3302-01-29   
  
Anti-meta-alloy protests have spilled into violence during the final day of Professor Ishmael Palin's request. Groups of protestors blockaded the entrance to Obsidian Orbital, and as talks between station personnel and the protestors broke down, tempers flared. One of those gathering meta-alloys for Professor Palin offered this first-hand account:  
  
"I received a message from one of my wing-mates that things weren't looking good at Obsidian, but I had a full hold, so I had to go. As I dropped into Maia I saw that my ship's computer had put me about eight kilometres from the starport. Then I saw the Cutter coming at me with hardpoints deploying, and the next thing I knew I was taking fire!  
  
"My Asp isn't the best when it comes to a head-on fight, but I knew if I could get through the mail slot I would be fine. I boosted like hell and just managed to make it through. I lost my shields and about 50% of my hull, but I managed.  
  
For the time being, it's a dangerous game in Maia.  
  
Commander Manfred Winfred  
  
# Galactic News: Intriguing Expedition Record Surfaces  
  
3303-02-10   
  
A curious record has surfaced, detailing an apparently clandestine expedition to find relics from the lost civilisation known as the Guardians.  
  
The record, which takes the form of a series of personal logs, indicates that the expedition was led by one Professor Melville, an authority on xeno-biology who disappeared a few months ago.  
  
The record has attracted a considerable amount of attention, and is reprinted in full below.  
  
13th January 3303  
  
"I'm not just going to sit here while that jumped-up mechanic Ram Tah spoon-feeds us information.  
  
That's what Professor Melville said. He wanted to know more about the Guardians – maybe even figure out where they came from. So off we went, with little to go on beyond the professor's belief that there were more ruins out there.  
  
He claims to have information that will help us find more sites, but he's keeping it close to his chest. Only he and the pilot know where we're going. It's like he's afraid someone will take credit for his discovery. We've been scanning lifeless planetoids for days, eyeballing the ground for locations.  
  
He keeps reciting the same little speech: "Xeno-achaeology has moved on. The days of exploring the outer reaches, only occasionally finding something of value, are behind us. I have found the key.  
  
But I'm not an archaeologist. Professor Melville is just a means to an end. I signed up for the money.  
  
24th January 3303  
  
We received an update today – apparently Ram Tah has found some new sites. Melville scoffed when he heard the news. "Scraps from an amateur," he said. "We'll find the real secrets. Trust me.  
  
Trust. That's an interesting thing. Why should we trust someone who doesn't trust us? Well, maybe he has reason not to: I took a look at his records while he was talking to the pilot. I don't like being kept in the dark.  
  
Melville thinks there could be hundreds of sites out there. His hypothesis is that the Guardians occupied an area of space similar in size to that currently inhabited by humans, but that for some reason they were forced to migrate. He believes he can find that region of space and the Guardians' point of origin.  
  
The Guardians could well have had a huge civilisation, with hundreds of sites – maybe thousands – in this part of space. The similarities across different sites are comparable to the way we reuse certain structures. After all, how many Coriolis stations are there in the galaxy?  
  
2nd February 3303  
  
Melville thinks the Synuefe XR-H D11-102 system represents some kind of end point or 'last colony'. Beyond that, the sites appear in clusters, with the number of sites in each cluster getting increasingly larger. We discovered a cluster of sites only a few days ago before finding a location with an entirely unique layout. So far we've found three sites in each of the following systems: Synuefe LY-I b42-2, Synuefe NL-N c23-4 and Synuefe TP-F b44-0.  
  
There are basically three different types of site, most of which have a different codex layout. Melville thinks that each type of site fulfilled a different function. He also thinks the Guardians were the dominant species in this region of space. But he's not content with this discovery. He wants to keep going.  
  
Are we ever going back to turn back?  
  
8th February 3303  
  
This isn't a research vessel anymore – it's a prison. All means of communicating with the rest of the galaxy have been disabled. Melville has taken control of ship. His obsession has doomed us all.  
  
I'm transmitting these records in the hope that someone finds them and comes to our rescue. But the chances of that are slim.  
  
## Guardian space megaship?  
  
# Galactic News: Ram Tah Makes Breakthrough  
  
3303-02-13   
  
Since the Synuefe ruins were discovered in October, hundreds of explorers, archaeologists and relic hunters have scoured the site for information about the race that created it. When engineer Ram Tah started researching the ruins, hundreds more joined the search, motivated either by a thirst for knowledge or by the promise of reward.  
  
Now, Ram Tah claims to have made a significant breakthrough. In a statement, he said:  
  
"Thanks to the hard work of many dedicated pilots – and in particular Commander Noodlz05 and his wingmates – I have isolated a signal in the Guardians' monolith network that will allow scanners to identify sites within 1,000 light seconds. This should make finding further Guardian ruins considerably easier.  
  
"I would like to thank all those involved for their help. This was not an easy task, but together we have learned a great deal about the Guardians' fascinating culture.  
  
## Ram Tah  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-02-14   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown Artefact-related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bacon City, Carnoeck  
  
Bartlett Gateway, Heikegani  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Elder Works, Ross 154  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Haisheng Orbital, HR 8474  
  
Hirase Horizons, Nemet  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
White Orbital, Aiabiko  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
i Sola Prospect, Brestla  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Yeliseyev Beacon, Nican  
  
# Ram Tah's Last Hurrah  
  
3304-02-09   
  
Ram Tah, the galaxy's foremost expert on the Guardians, has revealed that his research funding will soon end. In an effort to make the most of his remaining finances, the engineer has appealed to independent pilots to deliver Guardian artefacts to his base in the Meene system.  
  
In a statement, Ram Tah said:  
  
"Public interest in the Guardians may have waned, but I believe there is more to learn. Only through thorough investigation and analysis can we hope to fully understand the Guardians, their technology and their relationships to other species. This knowledge could be of great importance to humanity.  
  
The campaign has received a financial boost from Meene General Industries, which has promised to reward pilots who deliver artefacts from Guardian sites to Felice Dock in the Meene system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 8th of February 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Preserving the Sim-Archive  
  
3304-02-09   
  
The Utopia movement has announced that the Sim-Archive is to undergo a period of comprehensive maintenance.  
  
Pranav Antal, leader of Utopia, elaborated on the nature of the project:  
  
"The Sim-Archive is Utopia's primary achievement – a vast digital repository containing the collective wisdom of all our departed brothers and sisters. But, like any system, the Archive requires constant maintenance, as a failure in the system could result in the loss of irreplaceable knowledge. We have therefore placed an open order for various commodities for use in this delicate work.  
  
The Official Airman Di Front has been authorised to oversee the initiative, and has pledged to reward pilots who deliver the requested goods to Chargaff Orbital in the Airman Di system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 8th of February 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Alliance Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3304-02-09   
  
The Alliance has announced that its appeal for materials has reached a successful conclusion, having received the unalloyed support of the galactic community. Huge quantities of raw materials were delivered to Bulychev Hub over the past week, which will be used to build an Orbis starport in the Synuefai EB-R c7-5 system.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Alliance official Torvan Dast issued a statement, thanking those who supported the campaign and adding:  
  
“By providing Alliance convoys and independent pilots with a much-needed resupply point, we hope this new starport will be the first step in transforming what is currently an outlying enclave into a thriving community.”  
  
Construction of the new starport is expected to begin soon. Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Bulychev Hub in the LP 128-32 system.  
  
# Heiress Confirmed Missing  
  
3305-02-15   
  
The Ambrose Foundation has confirmed that Lady Talitha Ambrose is missing, and that all of its assets have been lost.  
  
Baroness Oksana Ambrose, head of the institution, told the media:  
  
"Everything we own has been transferred from our accounts to who knows where. Emergency funds are being used to settle debts and pay staff, but essentially the Ambrose Foundation is ruined."  
  
"I can only assume that vicious criminals have kidnapped Lady Talitha and tortured her into surrendering her inheritance."  
  
"I have used the last of our reserves to hire the Wallglass Investigations Agency. I pray that they can locate and rescue my beloved daughter."  
  
# Nuclear Weapon Stolen  
  
3305-02-16   
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has discovered that a nuclear weapon has been taken from an unregistered outpost.  
  
Senior Agent Rochelle Karim made the following statement:  
  
"Further examination of the outpost discovered last week confirms that it was home to unlicensed nuclear research. Personnel at the site were constructing a portable fusion warhead codenamed the Lucifer Device."  
  
"One operational prototype was produced, but we have failed to locate it. Our assumption is that whoever invaded the base now possesses a movable bomb with a 300 megaton yield – enough to destroy an entire city."  
  
"This investigation is a top priority and we are exploring all available leads."  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
# Citizens Show Strong Support for Aisling  
  
3301-01-31   
  
Seven days after the program to help free Imperial Slaves before the end of their agreed term was started, Stop Slavery Stupid has claimed that over 100,000 Imperial Slaves have been brought to Cemeiss to be freed in the Diva Duval’s name.   
  
With her grandfather, the Emperor, unable to fulfil his duties as head of state, this surge of support could mark the start of Aisling making her own move to claim the Imperial Throne.  
  
When asked to comment, Aisling said she was “super thrilled” that so many people are willing to support a cause so close to her heart.  
  
An Imperial source, who wanted to remain anonymous, told us -  
  
“It was only a tiny number of commanders, only a hundred that supported this scheme, each making multiple deliveries. ‘Her team’ behind her are shady individuals after the power of the throne. This is a stunt. Signing up as an Imperial Slave to repay a debt is no different to signing up for the Military.”  
  
# Lucan Onionhead Declared an Illegal Narcotic  
  
3301-01-31   
  
After a week of hurried testing and rushed legislation, finally Lucan Onionhead has been declared an illegal narcotic in all sectors of Federal space. This new statute was rushed onto the books in response to the appearance of a new, slightly modified strain of Onionhead in the Tanmark system.  
  
Onionhead has proven to be a contentious issue among Federal communities over the last few months. The drug is extremely popular among young adults, with many claiming the use of Onionhead is completely harmless.   
  
President Halsey disagrees, pointing to reports by respected Federal scientists that warn of the dangers associated with the popular narcotic. Evidence collected by Federal scientists supposedly suggests the neurological damage being done by the drug not only causes severe impairment of judgement in the short term, but that it may also cause amyloid plaques to form throughout the brains of long term users. Such studies have yet to be made available to the public.  
  
# Galactic News: Cryptic Messages Found in Local Bulletins  
  
3302-01-29   
  
A number of pilots have reported cryptic finding messages in starports' news feeds. The origin of the messages is not clear, but they share certain characteristics, including references to apparent criminal activity, and in some cases coordinates. Often the messages are partially corrupted, suggesting they were originally hidden in the news feeds in an encoded form. Precisely why the messages have started surfacing in the public news channel is unclear.  
  
Are these messages genuine criminal communiqués, or merely a creative hoax? We leave you to decide.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-01-30   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,276 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Bragpurukab Legal Interstellar  
  
Brutas Crimson Netcoms Corp.  
  
Yansisma Fortune Ltd  
  
Balanu Corporation  
  
Kalibia State Services  
  
Mob of GCRV 54903  
  
Social Eleu Progressive Party  
  
Purple Central Industry  
  
Tocopa Corp.  
  
Mebegernir Network  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-02-15   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Community Goal: Upheaval in Sutekh  
  
3303-02-16   
  
Recent reports indicate that a Federal convoy has been destroyed in the Sutekh system. It is not yet clear who is responsible for the attack, but security agencies based in Sutekh have tentatively identified the Adad Exchange, an Imperial faction.  
  
The Adad Exchange is also understood to have launched an operation to recover military intelligence from the wreckage. The Federation has responded with a counter-operation designed to prevent the intelligence from falling into Imperial hands. The United Sutekh Future has been authorised to coordinate the campaign.  
  
Both factions have appealed to the galactic community for support, promising to reward pilots who support their operations. The campaigns begin on the 16th of February 3303 and will run for one week. If either side achieves its aims earlier than planned, the campaigns will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-02-14   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Taine Landing, Ra  
  
# The Bulwark Project  
  
3304-02-15   
  
The Federation has launched an initiative to develop autonomous military hardware with which to fight the Thargoids.  
  
Federal Shadow President Felicia Winters shed further light on the initiative, which has been christened the Bulwark Project:  
  
"As the Thargoids' aggression escalates, it's essential that we find ways to minimise casualties while continuing to protect ourselves. Aegis is doing commendable work, but it needn't be our only line of defence.  
  
Imperial commentators have criticised the initiative, however, drawing attention to long-standing conventions against the development of artificial intelligence. Shadow President Winters was quick to dismiss such concerns, saying:  
  
"The purpose of the Bulwark Project is to investigate alternative defence strategies, not to develop machine intelligence.  
  
The operation has received financial support from the Momoirent Central and Co, which has placed an open order for various commodities for use in the campaign.  
  
The campaign begins on the 15th of February 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3305-02-17   
  
Here are this week's main stories.  
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has revealed that a nuclear weapon was taken from an unregistered outpost discovered last week, where dozens of personnel were gunned down by unknown perpetrators. The portable warhead, codenamed the Lucifer Device, is believed to possess enough power to destroy an entire city.  
  
The Ambrose Foundation has confirmed that Lady Talitha Ambrose is missing, and that the family's entire fortune has been lost. Believing that Lady Talitha has been kidnapped as part of the theft, the family has employed the Wallglass Investigations Agency to locate the missing heiress.  
  
A campaign held by the Holloway Bioscience Institute to build a xenological research centre has concluded successfully. The new planetary outpost will be used to study lifeforms identified by the galactic community.  
  
In other news, a number of priceless artefacts, spanning centuries of artistic history, have been stolen from the Museum of Civilization on Mars. In each case, the works were replaced with the image of a winking cat.  
  
Finally, the Atlas Research Group has called for shipments of military materials to increase security in the Merope system. The initiative started with pledges from Atlas that public safety in the face of continued Thargoid activity remains a priority.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Rejuvenation of Kappa Fornacis Underway  
  
3301-02-01   
  
While protests on Mars continue, things are looking up for the beleaguered people of Kappa Fornacis, as Federal support agencies have begun delivering aid packages to those affected by the recent bombardment of the Onionhead fields on Panem. One of the protesters on the steps of Congress jeered at this -  
  
“It is a cynical ploy to undo the bad publicity from the bombing. The Federal Navy should never have attacked a peaceful planet - the farmers were taking advantage of a naturally occurring crop.”  
  
Entrepreneurial commanders looking to capitalise on the federal grant to rebuild Kappa Fornacis are being asked to source Agricultural Medicine, Crop Harvesters, Terrain Enrichment Systems and as much Biowaste as possible. All goods should be delivered to the logistics centre aboard Harvestport.  
  
Georgio Algeria of the Farmer’s Union on Panem said -  
  
“We did OK from Onionhead. Here and on Luca. We’re here to stay. Keep your stinking aid. Be happy. Onionhead helps!”  
  
# CN Bootis Rapid Wealth Expansion  
  
3301-02-02   
  
The United CN Bootis Progressive Party announced its plan for system expansion today, eliciting a negative response from other factions in the system. The Progressive Party has increased its controlling influence of the system over the past week by over 10% with the aid of mercenary pilots. A spokesman said -  
  
“We have stepped up trading at Sellings City dock, and have increased our patrols of all seven Resource Extraction Sites in the system. We have met with significant push-back from local pirate factions. Fighting is intense, but profitable to successful pilots.”  
  
“We are hiring miners, traders, and bounty hunters to help us continue our takeover of the system.”  
  
Opposing factions could not be reached directly for comment. Stay tuned for updates.  
  
CMDR Otalp  
  
# Vesper-M4 Plays Unwilling Host to Demolition Derby  
  
3301-02-03   
  
Slough Orbital hosted the galaxy's inaugural SIDEWINDER DEMOLITION DERBY last Sunday and it was a huge success. The event, which will now be held on the first Sunday of every month, sees pilots flying their basic, weapons and shield-free Sidewinders at full speed around the airlock ring in an attempt to blow each other up.   
  
Slough Orbital’s Captain, Commander Rose, has expressed frustration at these troubling turn of events. Telling GalNet -  
  
"The Jet Transport Corporation lost a lot of trade last Sunday. No ships were able to enter or leave the station for almost an hour for fear of being blasted into smithereens by these lunatic pilots.  
  
Commander Angel Rose, daughter of Captain Rose, has praised the event, saying -  
  
"My father is a stuffy old codger. Everyone had a lot of fun, especially this month's derby winner, Commander Scicobalt. No-one was actually hurt, although Commander Belstarion's pride took a big dent when he got repeatedly stuck in the stations superstructure. I look forward to doing it all again next month!  
  
# Galactic News: Unidentified Spacecraft Observed at Obsidian Orbital  
  
3302-01-31   
  
Speculation is rife at Obsidian Orbital this morning following a close-quarters encounter with an unidentified Diamondback Explorer. According to Chloe Anders, a member of the surveillance team at Christian Dock, the mysterious vessel came within 10 kilometres of the station while performing what was described as a "high-speed pass":  
  
"I saw it approach and assumed it was about to submit a docking request, but instead it just started circling the station. It had an unusual designation – "S6: 7" – so I tried hailing it, but there was no response. Then our sensors lit up. I couldn't believe it – the damned thing was scanning the station! I told the weapons team to stand by, but the next thing I knew, it was gone.  
  
Asked for her opinion of the vessel's purpose, Anders said: "I know it sounds crazy, but when I saw it circling the station like that, the only thing I could think was that it was looking for something.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-02-02   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,151 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Milpiriyo Vision Commodities  
  
New Boreas Union  
  
V492 Lyrae Purple Dragons  
  
LHS 1167 Blue Brothers  
  
Lu Yupik Creative Network  
  
GD 69 League  
  
Quan Gurus Crimson Public Ltd  
  
Defence Force of Wheemehimo   
  
Kagudi Front  
  
Gatoborod Partners  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,141 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Gun Jet Netcoms Inc  
  
Nysa Exchange  
  
Hamal Hand Gang  
  
Ch'u Ti Co  
  
Bandjigali Jet Creative Network  
  
Scorpions Order  
  
New Unktomi Democrats  
  
Atropos Major Network  
  
Bang Vision Services  
  
Labour of V902 Centauri  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Valentine's Day Appeal Ends  
  
3303-02-16   
  
The Vestani Conservatives have announced that their Valentine's Day appeal received the enthusiastic support of the galactic community, with hundreds of pilots taking to their ships to transport commodities to Rose Terminal in the Vestani system.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released a brief statement:  
  
"We are delighted with the response, and would like to thank the galactic community for helping us make this Valentine's Day particularly special.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Rose Terminal in the Vestani system.  
  
# Galactic News: Peacock Patrons of Law Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-02-16   
  
A spokesperson for the Peacock Patrons of Law has announced that their appeal for robotics, ion distributors and emergency power cells has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Phillips Dock, the organisation's base of operations.  
  
The Peacock Patrons of Law have extended their gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Phillips Dock in the Peacock system.  
  
# Galactic News: Speculation over MetaDrive Technology  
  
3303-02-17   
  
Audit records from the MetaDrive Inc., acquired by the Sirius Corporation last year, have been leaked into public data silos by persons unknown.  
  
While the majority of the data is unremarkable, one record mentions 'wake suppression', prompting some commentators to speculate on a possible connection to MetaDrive's work on hyperdrive systems.  
  
A spokesperson for the Sirius Corporation responded by saying:  
  
"We do not typically comment on leaks of this nature, but we can certainly allay any fears that the Sirius Corporation is conducting experimental hyperdrive research. The document in question simply refers to research into sleep-management technology for long-haul travel.  
  
## premonition  
  
# Ram Tah Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-02-15   
  
Ram Tah has announced that the galactic community has responded positively to his appeal for Guardian artefacts, resulting in a large number of deliveries to Felice Dock. The engineer will now subject the artefacts to extensive analysis.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Ram Tah issued the following statement:  
  
“My heartfelt thanks go to all those who supported this initiative. I’ve already started work and I should have something to share with you soon.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Felice Dock in the Meene system.  
  
# Proactive or Reactive?  
  
3304-02-15   
  
As the Thargoids continue to wreak havoc in the Pleiades, questions are being asked about the lack of an effective military response.  
  
Gianna Tachibana, an Imperial Senator based in the Achenar system, offered the following assessment to The Imperial Herald:  
  
“The Pleiades is at risk of becoming a no-go zone, accessible only to the most courageous pilots. The formation of militias of independent pilots has unquestionably had an impact, as has the advantage afforded by Aegis’s ongoing research. But one cannot escape the feeling that humanity is being reactive, rather than proactive.”  
  
“What is needed is a comprehensive military strategy. The time for a coordinated response is now.”  
  
Meanwhile, authorities in a number of systems have reported that sales of Thargoid-themed novelties, including toys and clothing, have skyrocketed in recent weeks. The manufacture of such merchandise has been condemned by many as insensitive.  
  
# Merope Defence Initiative Concludes  
  
3305-02-21   
  
A military supply campaign to increase security in the Merope system has concluded successfully.  
  
Jacob Chowdhury, Defence Director of the Atlas Research Group, said:  
  
"Our gratitude to all the pilots who delivered Reactive Armour and Military Grade Fabrics. These resources will prove vital in enhancing Merope's defences against Thargoid attacks."  
  
The Atlas Research Group also helped protect traders from piracy by placing kill orders on all wanted ships in the system.  
  
Contributors to the campaign can now collect their rewards from Reed's Rest in the Merope system.  
  
# Rivalry Triggers Conflict in Drevlyada  
  
3305-02-21   
  
A long-standing enmity between two military leaders has escalated into hostilities in the Drevlyada system.  
  
Details were provided by freelance warzone reporter Karleen Troy:  
  
"The personal rivalry between General Kendrick of Namab Purple Brothers and Marshal Cooper of Drevlyada League has lasted for years. Each frequently accuses the other of incompetence and endangering the people of Drevlyada."  
  
"This grudge match has now spiralled into a state of open conflict. Both Kendrick and Cooper have asked the galactic community to provide support in crushing their opponent's forces."  
  
The two factions have set out week-long campaigns to take control of the Drevlyada system, which will begin on the 21st of February 3305.  
  
# Trouble on the Fringe - Balaikda  
  
3301-02-03   
  
It seems that even the edges of colonised space aren't free of problems.  
  
A civil war has broken out in Balaikda between two of the system's minor factions, namely HIP 43760 State Plc and Balaikda Ltd. The former is Federation-aligned and unsurprisingly calls the nearby HIP 43760 home, while the latter is a local firm.   
  
Observers have reported a heavy handed response to this Federal involvement in an Imperial system, resulting in the Imperial Navy setting up checkpoints near a number of local planets. One source, who asked to remain unnamed, said "these checkpoints are manned by Elite Vipers and Cobras fitted with Plasma Accelerators, and so not to be taken lightly."   
  
Battles have broken out across the system, with various local factions offering combat bonds in an attempt to urge independent pilots to lend a hand in the small scale factional struggle.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Federation Withdraws from Panem  
  
3301-02-04   
  
Following on from the deployment of Federal aid to the beleaguered farmers of Panem, President Halsey has today announced her intention to recall all Federal forces from Kappa Fornacis.  
  
The President has said of this -  
  
“I am pleased with how our marines-turned aid workers were able to help restore order to Panem so quickly - exemplary of what the Federation can offer its allies.”  
  
The leader of the Kappa Fornacis Farmer’s Association, Georgio Algeria, has denounced the Federation’s efforts. He said to gathered reporters -  
  
“Don’t be fooled by the Federation. They’re liars! This is just window dressing. They bully us, they burn us, now they try to buy us. Well we ain’t scared and we ain’t for sale. We say what happens on Panem, and we say Onionhead will live on!”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Empire Calls in Reinforcements  
  
3302-02-02   
  
Two weeks ago, the Imperial Internal Security Service discovered 'shadow' cells belonging to the insurgent organisation Emperor's Dawn in the Dakshmandi, Ipilyaqa and Ch'i Lin systems. Military fleets were swiftly despatched to the pertinent systems to destroy the last remaining vestiges of Emperor's Dawn. But recent reports indicate that the campaign may not be going quite as well as the Empire hoped. An Imperial pilot stationed in Dakshmandi spoke briefly with a correspondent from the Imperial Herald:  
  
"The insurgents may be resilient, but their days are numbered. There's nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. It might take a little longer than planned, but Emperor's Dawn is going down, I can promise you that.  
  
The Empire is understood to have sent reinforcements to the Dakshmandi, Ipilyaqa and Ch'i Lin systems to support its forces.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-02-03   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Focus on Democracy  
  
3302-02-04   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,157 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Omagatae Liberals  
  
Aisling's Angels  
  
Purple Public Corp.  
  
Orerve Universal Limited  
  
LFT 90 Regulatory State  
  
Belianses aristocrats  
  
HIP 26890 Comms Systems  
  
Tao Tzaka Corp.   
  
Carpaka Holdings  
  
HIP 32350 Industries  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-02-21   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Elder Works, Ross 154  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Haisheng Orbital, HR 8474  
  
White Orbital, Aiabiko  
  
Yeliseyev Beacon, Nican  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
i Sola Prospect, Brestla  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Pentin, Grego Reach  
  
Yoruba, Apt Orbital  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-02-22   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Freelance Report: Buckyball Racing Club has Tunnel Vision  
  
3303-02-23   
  
After a relatively quiet start to the year, the Buckyball Racing Club is back with its first full-length race of 3303: Tunnel Vision.  
  
The race, which is between Leopold Heckmann Ring in the Malaikudi system and Evans Port in Parutis, requires competitors to navigate a series of tunnels at various scientific and military installations en route. Bonuses will be awarded depending on ship size, meaning some very large ships will be squeezed through some very tight spaces.  
  
The Buckyball Racing Club refused to address rumours that the race will use Federal and Imperial capital ship docks as gates.  
  
The event starts on Saturday the 25th of February and will run until Monday the 6th of March.  
  
Alec Turner  
  
# Utopia Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-02-15   
  
A spokesperson for the Utopia enclave has announced that its campaign has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community, resulting in a huge influx of deliveries to Chargaff Orbital. The commodities will be used to perform essential maintenance on the Sim-Archive, a repository of digitised memories.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Pranav Antal released the following statement:  
  
“Our thanks go to those who supported this campaign, which will help us safeguard the Sim-Archive for at least another century. But while the Archive is of singular importance, it does not represent the limit of our ambitions. It is my hope that we might one day be able to digitise the human consciousness, thereby transcending our physical selves.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Chargaff Orbital in the Airman Di system.  
  
# The Bulwark Project  
  
3304-02-16   
  
The Federation has launched an initiative to develop autonomous military hardware with which to fight the Thargoids.  
  
Federal Shadow President Felicia Winters shed further light on the initiative, which has been christened the Bulwark Project:  
  
"As the Thargoids' aggression escalates, it's essential that we find ways to minimise casualties while continuing to protect ourselves. Aegis is doing commendable work, but it needn't be our only line of defence.  
  
Imperial commentators have criticised the initiative, however, drawing attention to long-standing conventions against the development of artificial intelligence. Shadow President Winters was quick to dismiss such concerns, saying:  
  
"The purpose of the Bulwark Project is to investigate alternative defence strategies, not to develop machine intelligence.  
  
The operation has received financial support from the Momoirent Central and Co, which has placed an open order for various commodities for use in the campaign.  
  
The campaign begins on the 15th of February 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## AI  
  
# Ram Tah Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-02-16   
  
Ram Tah has announced that the galactic community has responded positively to his appeal for Guardian artefacts, resulting in a large number of deliveries to Felice Dock. The engineer will now subject the artefacts to extensive analysis.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Ram Tah issued the following statement:  
  
“My heartfelt thanks go to all those who supported this initiative. I’ve already started work and I should have something to share with you soon.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Felice Dock in the Meene system.  
  
# Defence Contractor Denies Safety Violations  
  
3305-02-21   
  
The weapons manufacturer Prax Incorporated has dismissed accusations of poor safety measures in its development and testing programs. Concerns were originally raised by Adley King of The Federal Times, as part of an investigation into weapons testing within inhabited sectors.  
  
CEO Lucina Prax gave this press statement:  
  
"I can assure Ms King that my company takes every precaution when evaluating its products. We have never – and will never – ignore safety protocols."  
  
"Regarding these accusations, I am aware of the claims being made but have yet to see a single shred of evidence to support them. We act in full compliance with the most stringent industry regulations."  
  
"3304 was a record year for Prax Incorporated. The latest version of our proprietary threat-recognition firmware propelled our stock to new heights, and we are developing a new system that I believe will be considered revolutionary."  
  
# Funding for Stolen Nuclear Weapon Traced  
  
3305-02-22   
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has traced the funding of an illegal nuclear research outpost to the Zlota system.  
  
Senior Agent Rochelle Karim provided the following details:  
  
"Having successfully decrypted the outpost's communications, we have determined that Zlota Federal Holdings was financing these unregistered research projects. Several of the organisation's principal figures were covertly redirecting public funds to construct portable nuclear weapons."  
  
"We suspect that one of these individuals became greedy and arranged for the outpost to be raided, acquiring the prototype Lucifer Device to subsequently sell on the black market."  
  
"The FIA is currently questioning the Zlota Executive Council to learn more. It is crucial that we locate the Lucifer Device, which poses a serious threat to public safety."  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
## Zlota  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
### Senior Agent  
  
### FIA  
  
## Zlota Federal Holdings  
  
### financing of nuke  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
## Zlota Executive Council  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
# Spassky's Inheritance, Mikunn  
  
3301-02-05   
  
The Dukes of Mikunn have begun sanctions against the dictatorial Law Party of HR 7327, in the HR 7327 system. As such, commerce to the Law Party owned Gabriel Station will be under blockade until such time as a regime change occurs. As the Dukes of Mikunn currently hold majority influence in the system, the reins of power at Gabriel Station should naturally pass to the Duchy of Mikunn.   
  
For the safety of all private traders, their Graces the Dukes have requested that independent pilots should stay clear of HR 7327, and Gabriel Station in particular, until further notice.   
  
Traffic should be routed to the neighbouring systems of Sukua, Kwatee and of course, Mikunn. Commanders interested in toppling the dictatorship of the Law Party should make their way to Mikunn and contact Commander Lucifer Wolfgang, Commander Calomiriel, or his Lordship the Count of Monte Fisto.  
  
Soda Popinski, Media Relations, Duchy of Mikunn  
  
# It’s Not All About Sovereignty  
  
3301-02-05   
  
The past few months have seen dozens of frontier systems launch initiatives to break away from Sol, due in no small part to the higher taxes being charged by the Federal government.  
  
The most recent referendum on Federal membership took place in the Dulos system, where an overwhelming 75% of the population voted to leave the Federation and become an Independent state.  
  
However, in recent weeks there has been a surge of support for the Federal government all across occupied space. Where previously there were tens of dozens of independent movements pushing to break away, all but a small handful of them have now fizzled out.  
  
Pundits point to actions taken by Admiral Vincent of the Federal Navy to protect the interests of member states at short notice, as the cause of this most recent shift in opinion.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Sickness Spreading Through Ngaliba  
  
3301-02-06   
  
A wave of sickness has spread through Ngaliba, leading the Federal Centre for Disease Control to issue an amber alert warning all pilots to avoid Fullerton Horizons until further notice.  
  
Anyone who has visited Ngaliba in the past five days is advised to seek immediate medical attention and avoid controlling machinery, flying starships, and travelling through hyperspace.  
  
Early signs of infection include dizziness, nausea, stomach pains and a loss of concentration.   
  
The Crimson Major Solutions have declined to offer any comment in regards to how many people are known to be infected.  
  
# Community Goal: Former Slaves in Need  
  
3302-02-04   
  
Recent reports from LFT 37 indicate that the system could be on the brink of a humanitarian crisis. According to system authorities, the issue began when the Paladin Consortium took control of the starport of Onnes Gateway and liberated all the imperial slaves at the starport. Unfortunately, however, the process of officially terminating the slaves' contracts has become entangled in bureaucratic red tape, and this has put the former slaves in a difficult position, as they cannot yet legally obtain housing or employment.  
  
In light of this development, the Paladin Consortium has issued a galaxy-wide request for water purifiers to ensure the former slaves have access to basic sanitation while awaiting their 'official' release. The faction has promised to reward any pilots who contribute to the initiative.  
  
A spokesperson for the Paladin Consortium released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"The Paladin Consortium is spearheading a humanitarian initiative to bring essential supplied to thousands of slaves in the LFT 37 system. But we cannot do this alone, so we are turning to the galactic community for support.  
  
# Community Goal: Manufacturer Appeals for Osmium  
  
3302-02-04   
  
The LHS 2936 Alliance Combine, a manufacturing concern based in the LHS 2936 system, has issued a galaxy-wide request for osmium. According to a company spokesperson, the rare metal will be used to create specialist alloys with which to improve the organisation's manufacturing facilities. The organisation has promised to reward contributors with discounts at the Fraser Orbital shipyard in addition to liberal financial reimbursements.  
  
The company's spokesperson gave a statement to the media:  
  
"It is no secret that our share price dipped recently, but we are confident that with the requisite materials we will be able to regain our competitive edge. That's why we're offering generous incentives to pilots who deliver osmium to our base of operations at Fraser Orbital.  
  
The campaign begins today and is expected to run for one week.  
  
# Community Goal: The Rahu Operation  
  
3303-02-23   
  
An Alliance spokesperson has announced that a Naval convoy has been attacked in the Rahu system. The spokesperson also confirmed that criminals have begun targeting the convoy with the intention of taking escape pods from the wreckage. They went on to say:  
  
"These criminals have just one aim: to abduct Alliance personnel and sell them into illegal slavery. We cannot allow these vile opportunists to take our comrades captive.  
  
"We are therefore asking pilots to recover escape pods from the wreckage and deliver them to Acharya Station in Rahu. We have also placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the system, in support of the rescue operation.  
  
The campaign begins on the 23rd of February 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: United Sutekh Future Operation Succeeds  
  
3303-02-23   
  
A spokesperson for United Sutekh Future has announced that the organisation has triumphed over the Adad Exchange in the Sutekh system.  
  
The conflict began when the Adad Exchange attempted to plunder the remains of a Federal convoy for sensitive military intelligence. When United Sutekh Future learned of the plan, it launched an offensive against the Adad Exchange, eager to prevent the intelligence from falling into enemy hands.  
  
Both campaigns received the support of hundreds of independent pilots, but ultimately it was United Sutekh Future that emerged victorious. A spokesperson for the organisation thanked those who supported its operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Archemides Gateway in the Sutekh system.  
  
# Proactive or Reactive?  
  
3304-02-16   
  
As the Thargoids continue to wreak havoc in the Pleiades, questions are being asked about the lack of an effective military response.  
  
Gianna Tachibana, an Imperial senator based in the Achenar system, offered the following assessment to The Imperial Herald:  
  
“The Pleiades is at risk of becoming a no-go zone, accessible only to the most courageous Commanders. The formation of militias of independent pilots has unquestionably had an impact, as has the advantage afforded by Aegis’s ongoing research. But one cannot escape the feeling that humanity is being reactive, rather than proactive.”  
  
“What is needed is a comprehensive military strategy. The time for a coordinated response is now.”  
  
Meanwhile, authorities in a number of systems have reported that sales of Thargoid-themed novelties, including toys and clothing, have skyrocketed in recent weeks. The manufacture of such merchandise has been condemned by many as insensitive.  
  
# Utopia Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-02-16   
  
A spokesperson for the Utopia enclave has announced that its campaign has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community, resulting in a huge influx of deliveries to Chargaff Orbital. The commodities will be used to perform essential maintenance on the Sim-Archive, a repository of digitised memories.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Pranav Antal released the following statement:  
  
“Our thanks go to those who supported this campaign, which will help us safeguard the Sim-Archive for at least another century. But while the Archive is of singular importance, it does not represent the limit of our ambitions. It is my hope that we might one day be able to digitise the human consciousness, thereby transcending our physical selves.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Chargaff Orbital in the Airman Di system.  
  
# Heiress’s Gambling Connections Revealed  
  
3305-02-23  
  
Lady Talitha Ambrose, the missing Ambrose Foundation heiress, has been alleged to have a history of gambling that may explain the sudden loss of her family’s entire fortune.  
  
Independent journalist Flint ‘Firemaker’ Lafosse commented on the Rewired news feed:  
  
“Baroness Oksana has convinced everyone that her daughter was kidnapped and forced to surrender her vast inheritance. What the baroness failed to mention is that Lady Talitha’s name has long been associated with an exclusive gambling circle named Jokers’ Deck.”  
  
“Some of the wealthiest individuals in the galaxy are believed to be associated with the group, including corporate CEOs, senior politicians, minor royals, pirate lords and cartel kingpins. Several famous names are rumoured to be in Jokers’ Deck, including at least one member of the Rochester family.”  
  
“Is it possible that Lady Talitha wasn’t kidnapped but is instead hiding in shame, having gambled away the entire Ambrose Foundation?”  
  
# Patreus Fire Sale in Durius Ends  
  
3301-02-06   
  
The mass selling off of all surplus military assets from the Speke Prospect armoury was carried out at the behest of Imperial Senator Denton Patreus, to whom the people of Durius owe a rather significant debt.  
  
The Citizens of Tradition, acting in their position as custodians of Durius, have promised to use their newly acquired funds to further stimulate the local economy through the creation of new employment opportunities. To that end, Senator Patreus, in association with Senator Torval, has generously offered to provide free training for all debt- ridden citizens of Durius willing to be retrained for work as Imperial Slaves to clear their remaining debt.  
  
# Planning Underway for New Frontier Station  
  
3301-02-07   
  
Universal Cartographics have today announced their intention to launch a new exploration station. Plans for the development of the new station are already well underway, although the ultimate destination has yet to be chosen.  
  
Members of Universal Cartographics and the Explorers’ Association were asked to submit proposals as to the most useful location for the station. The following have been identified as candidates -  
  
HIP 101110   
  
SYNUEFE FR-T B36-3   
  
Maia   
  
HIP 117585  
  
HIP 27215   
  
The board has requested that members of the Pilots Federation provide additional system data to help finalise the decision.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Empire to Retake Facece  
  
3302-02-04   
  
A little over two weeks ago, the Facece system was occupied by an independent faction known as the Allied Facece Order. The news sent shockwaves through the Empire, with many asking how such a small organisation could take control of the second most important system in Imperial space. The consternation felt by Imperial citizens was compounded by the Empire's apparent lack of urgency regarding the issue, with many directing their frustration at Chancellor Anders Blaine, who was until recently the system's primary administrator.  
  
Colm Tornquist of the Imperial Herald seemed to encapsulate the views of many when he asked: "What is Chancellor Blaine waiting for? Every day that passes is another day in which the people of Facece labour under the dictatorial rule of the Allied Facece Order. Action must be taken!" Almost as soon as this complaint was aired, Clearly Chancellor Blaine announced plans to retake the Facece system:  
  
"I apologise for what some have perceived as a lack of alacrity. I know the Imperial people are eager to see these opportunists removed from Imperial space, but it was essential that we plan our operation carefully to minimise the danger to the people of Facece. Now the planning is over, and order will soon be restored. I implore the people of Facece to remain calm. And to the Allied Facece Order I say this: your days are numbered.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Federation Begins Analysing Wreckage  
  
3302-02-04   
  
Over the past week, hundreds of pilots have been searching for signs of Starship One, the Federal presidential vessel that disappeared in May 3301. Two factions had a stake in the search – the Azaleach Partnership, which was acting on behalf of Federal President Zachary Hudson, and the Daurtu Jet Comms PLC, an organisation about which very little is known.  
  
Today, the Federation announced it had received a sizeable quantity of debris. In a statement, President Hudson expressed his satisfaction at the outcome:  
  
"I would like to thank the galactic community for its enthusiastic participation in the search for Starship One. Thousands of tonnes of debris have been delivered to the Federal research outpost at Leoniceno Orbital, which we will now subject to comprehensive spectral analysis. As for Daurtu Jet Comms PLC, I do not know what interest it has in Starship One, but I would remind them that the Federation takes a dim view of those who meddle in its affairs.  
  
Although Daurtu Jet Comms PLC offered larger rewards for wreckage than the Federation, it is understood to have received only a modest amount of space-borne debris. Given the failure of the organisation's appeal, we may never know why Daurtu Jet Comms PLC was looking for the lost presidential ship.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Detail of Dr Arcanonn Death Threats Revealed  
  
3302-02-05   
  
Nelson De Rosa, chief of security for the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, has released a statement to the media:  
  
"Dr Arcanonn has been receiving threats from crackpots for months, but this time the threat was more credible: that if he visited Professor Palin in Maia he would be 'terminated'. A meeting between the two scientists had indeed been planned, but was not common knowledge.  
  
"We've now determined that Socha Korbemile, the doctor's research assistant, had been leaking sensitive information to an unknown source for some time. We are now probing possible links to Varati-based groups that have previously obstructed our research, and to the intruders who infiltrated Christian Dock in November last year.  
  
"We are also looking for Dr Huros, whose militant views on alien life have previously brought him into conflict with Dr Arcanonn. I want to eliminate him from our investigation as soon as possible, so I would appreciate any information on his whereabouts.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Galactic News: Theft at Darnielle's Progress  
  
3303-02-24   
  
A carefully orchestrated heist, involving the theft of a large quantity of meta-alloys, has taken place at Darnielle's Progress in the Maia system.  
  
Security personnel at the starport confirmed that an unidentified Cobra-class vessel was involved in the robbery. After the ship docked at the starport, the pilot and four other passengers disembarked before the ship was serviced and refuelled.  
  
Later, the pilot requisitioned the largest available quota of meta-alloys, whereupon the automated units inexplicably loaded it to maximum capacity. The Cobra immediately departed, breaking speed limits and ignoring hails.  
  
Attempts were made to track the ship, but no trace of it was found.  
  
Investigations are ongoing. Pilots are asked to report any sightings of a Cobra with the callsign 'lima uniform charlie'.  
  
## premonition  
  
# Galactic News: Asteroid Destroyed in HIP 16497  
  
3303-02-25   
  
Earlier this week, automated stellar probes in the HIP 16497 system picked up an unusual heat signature. Local explorers promptly launched an investigation, only to discover that an asteroid had inexplicably disappeared from the system.  
  
"It's most peculiar," said Kate Panamen of the Mars High Astrocartography Institute. "Given the asteroid's orbit, it shouldn't have come into contact with anything in the system for aeons. Nevertheless, the investigators found an expanding cloud of dust in the asteroid's supposed location. We're at a loss to explain how it could have been destroyed.  
  
Both Federal and Imperial sources denied rumours that the destruction of the asteroid was a result of experimental weapon testing.  
  
## premonition  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-02-20   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Yurchikhin Ring, 41 Lambda Hydrae  
  
Trumpler Dock , Magec  
  
# Anti-Thargoid Operation  
  
3304-02-22   
  
Following the success of last month’s Federal-Imperial operation in the HIP 17692 system, the two superpowers have once again joined forces to combat the Thargoids.  
  
This time, the operation will focus on the Pleiades Sector OI-T c3-7 and Arietis Sector XE-Z b4 systems, where large concentrations of Thargoid ships have been reported.  
  
The purpose of the two-pronged operation is to reduce the Thargoid presence in Pleiades Sector OI-T c3-7, and to recover black boxes and personal effects from Thargoid attack sites in Arietis Sector XE-Z b4. The former initiative is being overseen by the Merope Expeditionary Fleet, while the latter is being coordinated by the Pleiades Resource Enterprise. Pilots who support these operations will be eligible for substantial rewards.  
  
Admiral Denton Patreus launched the campaign with the following statement:  
  
“We know that militias of experienced combat pilots are particularly effective against the Thargoids, but we must not be complacent. Our enemies are formidable, and we underestimate them at our peril.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 22nd of February 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Federal Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-02-22   
  
The Federation has announced that the Bulwark Project has reached a successful conclusion. Scores of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Jahn Dock. These will be used to research the possibility of an automated Federal defence force.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Federal Shadow President Felicia Winters released a statement:  
  
“My sincere gratitude goes to those who supported this campaign. But I want to remind you that we’re still some way from a fully automated defence force. The Bulwark Project’s initial remit is simply to establish the economic and military feasibility of such an enterprise.”  
  
Meanwhile, opponents have continued to voice concerns that it could lead to the development of artificial intelligence, which is outlawed throughout the galaxy.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Jahn Dock in the Momoirent system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Macrosphere Initiative  
  
3305-02-28  
  
Technology company Macrosphere is developing a specialised scanning device to detect illicit interference with personal robots.  
  
Macrosphere CEO Taniyah Sharpe provided the details:  
  
“The recent Mars Tribune scandal proved that the illegal reprogramming of robots is a genuine concern. Our Mech Scanner will allow robot owners to discover if their trusted servants have been compromised.”  
  
“A components drive is being organised by our partners, DS Leonis Industries. As well as shipments of micro controllers, auto fabricators and aluminium, we also require newly mined jewels, to channel the micro-lasers used by the Mech Scanner to detect interference. Deliveries should be made to Grandin Terminal in the DS Leonis system.”  
  
The initiative begins on the 28th of February 3305 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3305-02-24  
  
Here are this week’s main stories.  
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has uncovered evidence that Zlota Federal Holdings funded an illegal outpost from which a portable nuclear weapon was recently stolen. It is believed that one of the faction’s members also arranged the theft, which resulted in the massacre of personnel working at the outpost.  
  
An independent journalist has claimed that Lady Talitha Ambrose is associated with the secretive gambling circle Joker’s Deck. It was proposed that the Ambrose Foundation’s bankruptcy may have followed a poor series of wagers from the missing heiress.  
  
A supply campaign to increase security in the Merope system has concluded successfully. The Atlas Research Group had arranged for military supplies to be delivered, reassuring the local populace of their ongoing protection from the Thargoid threat.  
  
In other news, the defence contractor Prax Incorporated has denied accusations that it has failed to comply with industry safety regulations. CEO Lucina Prax dismissed the claims, and stated that her company is working on a new weapons system following a record financial year.  
  
Finally, a personal rivalry between two military leaders has erupted into open military conflict in the Drevlyada system. The individuals concerned, General Kendrick and Marshal Cooper, have each asked the galactic community to provide them with support.<br/>And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Long Lost Station Returns  
  
3301-02-07   
  
Some years ago Jaques’ Station left its orbit around the moon of Topaz. It’s mission? To discover new beverages, explore distant stars, and bravely go where no starport had been before. When the starport left on its journey the station was being captained by the toughest barman in all of occupied space, a part-Cyborg known only by the moniker of Jaques.  
  
Jaques’ transformation from man to machine began during the time he served as a member of the Quinentis Fourteens, a Federal black ops strike team. His unit was captured by enemy forces during the Battle of Hell’s Gate.   
  
The intrepid ex-soldier spent close to the next 200 years improving his cybernetic implants and saving up to buy the station in order to head off and explore the stars in style, and he is happy for people to join him. Stay tuned to GalNet to find out all the latest developments as they occur.  
  
# Underground Racers Spotted In and Around Sol  
  
3301-02-08   
  
Unsanctioned Fight Club - Chelomy Vison, Balaikda   
  
The war might be over, but the battle lives on in Balaikda with the arrival of the Chelomy Vision fight club.   
  
In this club, members engage in unsafe, unsanctioned brawls in the skies above Chelomy Vision. The winner goes home covered in credits and glory, while the losers get an all weekend pass to the medical centre.   
  
Last week the club ran a stock sidewinder event, and the carnage was brutal. This week the competition is expected to be even more fierce, but with so many credits up for grabs, independent pilots are expected to fly in from all over to prove they've got the skills to pay the bills. Meetings take place weekly at 05-00 sharp universal time.  
  
# Celebration at Abraham Lincoln Starport in Earth Orbit, Sol  
  
3301-02-09   
  
Pilots from around the galaxy are expected to gather outside Abraham Lincoln Starport, located in Earth orbit in the Sol system, at 18-00 on the 12th of February for the annual remembrance of the Station's namesake, President Abraham Lincoln.   
  
This date marks the 1,492nd anniversary of Lincoln's birth. Lincoln, president of one of the great democracies of the Northern Hemisphere in Earth's 19th century, is credited with ending the practice of human slave trafficking in that nation.  
  
Pilots gather each year at Abraham Lincoln Starport to show their solidarity in ending the galactic slave trade by flashing their ships' headlights for 30 seconds at precisely 18-00 on the evening of the anniversary.  
  
- CMDR Jaiotu  
  
# Freelance Report: Galactic Base-Jumping Open Round One  
  
3302-02-05   
  
The first round of the Galactic Base-Jumping Open will take place on Saturday the 6th of February at 10.00 pm UTC (5.00 pm EST).  
  
The event will take place at the 'monolith' on Altais 2B (coordinates 46 1.8) – a six-kilometre high tabletop that is ideal for SRV base jumping.  
  
The event is rated as 'moderate', and the categories are best crash, best trick, best base jump, and monolith base-jumping champion.   
  
So get your SRV planetside, and join in!  
  
Commander PeachSlicesV  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Inquisition's Campaign Successful  
  
3302-02-05   
  
Mavia Kain, leader of the Imperial Inquisition, has announced that the group's campaign to develop the planetary outpost of i Sola Prospect on Brestla A1 has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Members of the organisation were motivated to launch the campaign after becoming frustrated with i Sola Prospect's limited service options. Having received significant quantities of material, the organisation is now in a position to begin developing the outpost. A spokesperson for the group released a statement to the media:  
  
"Mavia Kain and the Imperial Inquisition would like to thank the galactic community for its support. Thanks to you, i Sola Prospect will soon be the best-equipped planetary outpost in the galaxy, rivalled only by Jameson Memorial.  
  
Improvements to the outpost are expected to begin immediately.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-03-01   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Community Goal: Loren's Legion Issues Request  
  
3303-03-02   
  
Loren's Legion, an Imperial organisation based in the Prism system, has placed an open order for tantalum.  
  
The organisation has a wide range of business interests, and regularly supplies commercial entities with raw materials and other commodities. On this occasion it has turned to the galactic community for help fulfilling its commitments.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released a statement to the media.  
  
"We have experienced a huge spike in demand, and our facility at Hiram's Anchorage is already running at full capacity, so to satisfy our clients we will need the help of the galactic community. Fortunately we are in a position to offer generous premiums to pilots who deliver tantalum to Hiram's Anchorage in the Prism system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 2nd of March 3303 and will run for two weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Rahu Operation comes to an End  
  
3303-03-02   
  
An Alliance spokesperson has announced that its operation to the crew of an Alliance convoy from opportunistic slavers in the Rahu system has reached a successful conclusion.  
  
Hundreds of independent pilots supported the campaign by recovering escape pods from the remains of the convoy and delivering them safely to Acharya Station. Meanwhile, combat pilots neutralised slavers who were attempting to take escape pods from the wreckage.  
  
As the operation drew to a close, an Alliance spokesperson made a brief statement:  
  
"We are immeasurably grateful to the galactic community for its support. Countless members of Alliance personnel have been spared a lifetime of enforced slavery, and we have you to thank for it.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Acharya Station in the Rahu system.  
  
# Thargoids Targeting Aegis Laboratories  
  
3304-02-24   
  
Analytical reports released by Aegis have confirmed a pattern to the Thargoids’ recent starport attacks, which have left thousands dead and infrastructures crippled.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, made this statement:  
  
“We have identified that the Thargoids are specifically targeting starports where Aegis laboratories are established. These include Titan's Daughter in the Taygeta system, Liman Legacy in HIP 16753 and the Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55.”  
  
“In conjunction with local security services and system authorities, we are increasing defensive measures at all starports where Aegis has a presence.”  
  
Professor Alba Tesreau, the organisation’s chief scientific advisor, voiced additional concerns:  
  
“Aegis research centres were set up to increase our understanding of the Thargoids, so it’s clear they’re attempting to prevent us investigating their technology and artefacts. Naturally we’ll take precautions, but I can only wonder what a long-term solution might be. Will we have to establish laboratories in secret locations, such as bunkers or asteroids? Aegis’s work is critical – only through knowledge might we establish a real relationship with this species.”  
  
# Thargoids Targeting Aegis Laboratories  
  
3304-02-25   
  
Analytical reports released by Aegis have confirmed a pattern to the Thargoids’ recent starport attacks, which have left thousands dead and infrastructures crippled.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, made this statement:  
  
“We have identified that the Thargoids are specifically targeting starports where Aegis laboratories are established. These include Titan's Daughter in the Taygeta system, Liman Legacy in HIP 16753 and the Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55.”   
  
“In conjunction with local security services and system authorities, we are increasing defensive measures at all starports where Aegis has a presence.”  
  
Professor Alba Tesreau, the organisation’s chief scientific advisor, voiced additional concerns:  
  
“Aegis research centres were set up to increase our understanding of the Thargoids, so it’s clear they’re attempting to prevent us investigating their technology and artefacts. Naturally we’ll take precautions, but I can only wonder what a long-term solution might be. Will we have to establish laboratories in secret locations, such as bunkers or asteroids? Aegis’s work is critical – only through knowledge might we establish a real relationship with this species.”  
  
# Cult Obtains Nuclear Weapon  
  
3305-03-01  
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has announced that a stolen nuclear weapon known as the Lucifer Device is in the possession of a fringe cult known as the Children of Tothos.  
  
Senior Agent Rochelle Karim gave the following statement:  
  
“Several executives at Zlota Federal Holdings have confessed to being secret members of the Children of Tothos. They were present for a ceremony held by the cult’s leader, Barnabas Cole, last December.”  
  
“One executive, Councillor Willard Morgenstern, was also covertly funding an unrelated criminal enterprise to develop portable nuclear weapons. While under the influence of various substances, Councillor Morgenstern disclosed details of the research outpost to the cult.”  
  
“We believe that Barnabas Cole and his followers used this information to raid the outpost and obtain the Lucifer Device. The FIA is conducting an interstellar manhunt to locate these individuals, and are treating them as highly dangerous suspects.”  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
### stolen nuclear weapon  
  
## Barnabas Cole  
  
## Councillor Willard Morgenstern  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
# Conflict in Drevlyada Resolved  
  
3305-02-28  
  
The battle in the Drevlyada system, which sprang from a long-running rivalry between two military leaders, has now ended.  
  
Warzone reporter Karleen Troy summarised:  
  
“The antagonistic relationship between General Kendrick and Marshal Cooper was finally resolved when both were executed by their own lieutenants, who were displeased with the huge loss of life resulting from their leaders’ quarrel.”  
  
“Both the Namab Purple Brothers and the Drevlyada League have agreed to honour commitments to members of the galactic community who fought on each side.”  
  
Independent pilots who took part in the conflict can now collect their rewards from the Drevlyada system. Supporters of Namab Purple Brothers should head to Wheeler Dock, while supporters of the Drevlyada League should travel to Grandin Port.  
  
# Prism Senator Courts Controversy Again!  
  
3301-02-09   
  
In a move which is likely to further increase tensions between the Federation and the Empire, a high ranking Lady of the Empire has been denied access to the Sol system.  
  
Lady Kahina Tijani Loren, the Senator from the Prism system, was on a diplomatic mission at the behest of Chancellor Blaine when her Imperial Courier was interdicted whilst jumping into the Sol system.  
  
According to Imperial sources, Lady Kahina’s vessel came under attack by unidentified ships, but fought its way free despite suffering significant damage during the incident.  
  
Federal representatives insist that the Imperials failed to file a valid itinerary, which resulted in a lack of an escort through Federal space. The Empire has demanded a formal apology from the Federation, but so far this demand has gone unanswered.  
  
Lady Kahina was quoted as saying, "I don't like to be late.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Yembo-Crowdsourcing Required to Help Build New Station  
  
3301-02-10   
  
After a week of speculation, Universal Cartographics have today announced that the system chosen to receive what is planned to be the first of a new fleet of UC controlled Explorer Station’s will be HIP 101110.  
  
Samuel Covington, the leader of the committee in charge of choosing HIP 101110 as the target location, had this to say about the announcement -  
  
“Hopefully this will be the first step in putting a more robust support system in place for all the brave men and women who risk their lives out there in the black. It won’t be easy establishing a station so far away, but we believe the rewards far outweigh any obstacles that might crop up along the way.”  
  
Partial construction of the new station will take place in the shipyards of Yembo. Anyone capable of sourcing metals are advised to get themselves over to Naddoddur Terminal - Yembo straight away, as Universal Cartographics are offering some exceptional incentives to Commanders helping with their current construction efforts.  
  
# Compassion was the Cure for Ngaliba  
  
3301-02-10   
  
The community of Ngaliba managed to avoid a fate worse than death this past weekend, as hundreds of aid workers flew to the region to help find a cure for the plague that had been ravaging its way through the system.  
  
Imperial, Federal and Independent pilots from all walks of life came together to provide the vital resources needed to save countless lives. Thanks to their efforts there were less than a dozen confirmed causalities before a cure was finally found.  
  
Samples of the Ngaliba Plague have been sent on to all major virus repository databases as protection against any potential future outbreaks.  
  
# Galactic News: Emperor's Dawn Shadow Cells Destroyed  
  
3302-02-05   
  
Imperial Senator Denton Patreus has confirmed that the Emperor's Dawn 'shadow' cells discovered two weeks ago in the Dakshmandi, Ipilyaqa and Ch'i Lin systems have been destroyed. Thousands of independent pilots responded to the senator's call to arms, resulting in the total destruction of what are thought to be the last remaining Emperor's Dawn outposts. Following the victory, Senator Patreus released a statement to the media:  
  
"The galactic community has once again shown that it will not let itself be cowed by extremists. To all those who contributed to this campaign, I wish to offer my sincerest gratitude. I know that in the past I have been guilty of prematurely dismissing Emperor's Dawn, but on this occasion I think we can safely say that this insurgent organisation, which has tried so hard to undermine our way of life, is no more.  
  
The battle was viewed rather differently outside the Empire, however, with one commentator stating:  
  
"The Imperial propaganda machine would have you believe the Empire won by a landslide, but the truth is they had to work hard for victory.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Noticias de la comunidad: Nuevos avistamientos de la Diamondback  
  
3302-02-06   
  
Tras el informe de Obsidian Orbital emitido hace unos días en el que se informaba de una Diamondback Explorer que fue observada escaneando la estación, han empezado a aparecer más noticias de avistamientos. Un piloto llamado Comandante Doumaz_B afirmó:  
  
"Acabo de ver una de esas extrañas Diamondbacks dando vueltas en círculo en torno a Zenbei Orbital en Vaka. Estaba volando lateralmente, encarando siempre a la estación y no tenía ninguna señal que poder fijar. Intenté seguirla en mi Correo Imperial pero era demasiado rápida. La seguí por unos momentos y de repente... desapareció".  
  
La mayoría de los avisos de avistamiento son obviamente falsos, pero algunos de ellos podrían ser legítimos. La brevedad de estos elusivos encuentros y la falta de datos verídicos hacen difícil atribuir esa nave a ninguna organización conocida.  
  
A la vista de estos avisos, muchos sistemas han decidido poner sus fuerzas de seguridad en alerta.  
  
Comandante Corrigendum  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-02-06   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,244 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Bakas Silver Netcoms Org  
  
Qahat Services  
  
Lulus Patron's Principles   
  
Namago Commodities  
  
Bean Nighe Partnership  
  
HIP 18725 Purple Allied Industry  
  
Apalar Labour  
  
Cashibo Industry  
  
Vishkyamu Blue Pirates  
  
Pipia Life Interstellar  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Freelance Report: The Mercury Seven Expedition  
  
3303-03-03   
  
This weekend, the Mercury Seven expedition will depart from Jaques Station in the Colonia system. Citizens are invited to join the expedition, or to watch it depart at 7.00 UTC on the 5th of March 3303.  
  
The expedition takes its name from the Mercury Seven, a group of astronauts from an early spaceflight programme – brave men who risked much to explore the frontier.  
  
The expedition will comprise a number of stages, with regular stops for those with SRVs or fighters. Sights will include the Orio-Persean Conflux, the Osprey Stellar Remnant, Wagar's Reach and Zephyrus.  
  
Pilots who want to participate are encouraged to contact the Colonia Citizens Network.  
  
Bob Dobilina  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-03-08   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-03-08   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Grego Reach, Pentin  
  
White Orbital, Aiabiko  
  
Yeliseyev Beacon, Nican  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Bethe Station, Muracing  
  
Eckford Prospect, Naitis  
  
Finney Ring, Jitabos  
  
Ford Dock, Naitis  
  
Pellegrino Hub, Xi-2 Lupi  
  
Schwann Hub, Wikanawal  
  
# Ram Tah Searching for New Guardian Sites  
  
3304-02-27   
  
The engineer Ram Tah, a leading expert on the mysterious Guardians, has requested help in locating undiscovered sites from the ancient alien race. He has issued the following statement:  
  
“The artefacts recently delivered to me have been subjected to intense molecular analysis. As a result, I have deduced the possibility of Guardian sites in three specific systems: Col 173 Sector QU-O d6-25, HD 63154 and Synuefe EU-Q c21-10.”  
  
“I urge the galactic community to investigate these systems, where I believe we may find further traces of the Guardians’ ancient civilisation. I appreciate that this could be a wild goose chase, but data from such sites – if they exist – would be extremely valuable.”  
  
Ram Tah has asked that any data be delivered to him at Phoenix Base in the Meene system.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-02-28   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Witt Station, Michel  
  
Evangelisti Settlement, Hodack  
  
# Protecting Colonia  
  
3304-03-01   
  
As the Thargoid offensive continues, authorities in Colonia have decided to step up security by building a new security installation in the region.  
  
A spokesperson for the Colonia Council, which is overseeing the initiative, gave the following statement:  
  
“The Thargoids have now entered the core systems, and their hostility shows no signs of abating. Meanwhile, Colonia’s defensive capabilities remain limited. It is clear to us that the time to act has come.”  
  
Colonia has agreed to fund the operation, and has placed an open order for various mined resources for use in the construction. Pilots who deliver the requested resources to Dove Enigma in the Colonia system will be generously compensated.  
  
The campaign begins on the 1st of March 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# WEEK IN REVIEW  
  
3305-03-03  
  
The search for Barnabas Cole, leader of the Children of Tothos, has resulted in further arrests. Cole’s alleged possession of the stolen Lucifer Device remains a serious concern to the Federal Intelligence Agency.  
  
Talitha Ambrose, former heiress to the Ambrose Foundation fortune, has confessed to having a gambling addiction. She confirmed that her family’s estate had been lost during a Jokers’ Deck event, and pledged her future work to fundraising for addiction charities.  
  
An initiative on behalf of Macrosphere has concluded successfully, with enough materials provided by the galactic community to begin manufacture of a new robot-screening device.  
  
Finally, organisers of the Distant Worlds II expedition have requested materials for two deep-space construction projects. The exploration fleet aims to build a megaship and installation in the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system.  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Heiress’s Fortune Lost to Gambling  
  
3305-03-01  
  
It has been revealed that Lady Talitha Ambrose’s 300 billion credit fortune vanished as a result of her participation in a powerful gambling ring.  
  
Confirmation came when Baroness Oksana Ambrose shared a report from the Wallglass Investigations Agency:  
  
“Multiple sources verify that Lady Talitha has been a member of Jokers’ Deck for years. At the group’s most recent event, she bet the entire Ambrose Foundation during an epic game of high-stakes deadlock poker, and eventually lost. Lady Talitha was apparently devastated, fleeing the venue soon after.”  
  
“Some attendees believe that the game was rigged by one or more other players, who aimed to exploit Lady Talitha’s well-known gambling addiction.”  
  
“The organisers of Jokers’ Deck remain anonymous and untraceable, so retrieving the family’s assets is unlikely.”  
  
An Ambrose Foundation spokesperson later stated that Baroness Oksana has officially revoked Lady Talitha’s title, vowing never to speak to her daughter again.  
  
## Lady Talitha Ambrose  
  
## 300 Billion  
  
## Baroness Oksana Ambrose  
  
## Wallglass Investigations Agency  
  
## Jokers’ Deck  
  
## Ambrose Foundation  
  
# Soontill Alien Artefacts to be Auctioned at Ngurii  
  
3301-02-10   
  
Soontill is back in the news this week as fresh rumours have surfaced of alien items hitting the market in Ngurii.   
  
It's been nearly two decades since Gallagher Restoration's auction of Soontill relics was discovered to be merely an outrageous publicity stunt. Although many high profile individuals were left red faced after the Phekda auction, most notably the band Jjagged Bbanner, it seems people still want to believe in the Thargoid legend. Indeed, several familiar names have already come forward enquiring about the new finds.   
  
What gives the latest rumours more credence than previous claims is the fact that the source of the alien items is not just one individual or one group, but several different lone wolf pilots.  
  
Is this another hoax?, Another stunt?  
  
# Lucan Onionhead Farmers Welcome Agricultural Commodities Traders  
  
3301-02-11   
  
Reports have reached GalNet that Lucan Onionhead farmers in the Tanmark system have been receiving regular supplies of Agricultural Medicine, Crop Harvesters, Land Enrichment Systems and Biowaste from intrepid traders sympathetic to their cause.  
  
"This is welcome news" said Georgio Algeria of the Kappa Fornacis Farmers Union. "A few Commanders helped us in Panem, and that’s cool but not enough. If enough of you can help get them to Tanmark we’ll be happy. And so will you. This is the way we make Onionhead bigger, better. It’s what we all want. Long live Onionhead! Lucan Onionhead for all!”  
  
No Federal representatives were available to comment.  
  
# Galactic News: Ishmael Palin to Depart for Maia b1ba  
  
3302-02-07   
  
It has been several weeks since Professor Ishmael Palin, the scientist researching the Unknown Artefacts, appealed for help in establishing a new research outpost on Maia b1ba. The appeal was enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a huge influx of deliveries to Obsidian Orbital, Professor Palin's base of operations. But since then there has been no news about the new research base, prompting some to wonder if it would in fact materialise.  
  
In a statement released today, Professor Palin explained the reasons for the hold-up, and reassured the public that the research base would go ahead:  
  
"I know the galactic community is eager to unravel the mystery of the unknown artefacts. The fact is that my team and I were sidetracked by our recent breakthroughs with the unknown artefacts and meta-alloys. I can assure the public, however, that the new research outpost will go ahead – in fact, and my team and I will be departing for Maia b1ba imminently.  
  
The professor's ship, containing a wealth of valuable research material, is expected to set off in the next 24 hours.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-02-09   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 968 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Pixel Bandits Security Force  
  
Baedi Di Industries  
  
Coalition of Bembarriosk  
  
Ross 23 Incorporated  
  
Miribusha Fortune and Co  
  
Traditional LP 417-213 Conservatives  
  
Ruchbah Progressive Party  
  
United Nedos League  
  
Bureau of Aulis  
  
FF Andromedae Boys  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 961 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Calor First  
  
Neperimpox Jet Fortune Ind  
  
HIP 110127 Empire Pact  
  
NLTT 44958 Energy Group  
  
LHS 2936 Network  
  
Kaushpoos Pro-Alliance Union  
  
New Taosha League  
  
Workers of Ross 162 Alliance  
  
Mebekre Group  
  
Dukes of HIP 14684  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Professor Ishmael Palin Missing  
  
3302-02-09   
  
Authorities in the Maia system have reported that Professor Ishmael Palin, the scientist conducting research into the Unknown Artefacts, has disappeared. The professor recently announced plans to set up an independent research outpost on the planet Maia b1ba, but it has now been confirmed that the ship carrying Palin and his team did not reach its destination. Seneca Toule, a security officer based in Maia, released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"Professor Palin's ship transmitted a status report not long after it left Obsidian Orbital, but since then no further reports have been received. All attempts to contact the vessel have been unsuccessful. A search is underway, however, and I am confident we will soon find some indicator of what has happened to Professor Palin and his team.  
  
# Community Goal: Appeal for Construction Materials  
  
3303-03-09   
  
The Military Militia, an independent organisation based in the XI-2 Lupi system, has announced plans to establish an installation in its home system, and has issued an appeal for various commodities for use in the construction. Commander MiL1TiA SiX, the group's wing commander, elaborated on the nature of the appeal:  
  
"We need two resources to start construction – military grade fabrics and platinum – and we encourage all able and willing Commanders to assist us.  
  
"Resistance is expected, but the Military Militia and its allies stand at the ready. We will be patrolling the shipping lanes in order to keep criminals at bay and ensure no crime goes unpunished.  
  
The proposed installation, which will be known as Soldiers' Respite, will boast state-of-the-art communication relays, high-tech weapon systems and a combat training facility.  
  
The organisation has promised to reward pilots who deliver the requested commodities to Pellegrino Hub in the XI-2 Lupi system. The campaign begins on the 9th March 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: The Colonia Expansion  
  
3303-03-09   
  
The Colonia Council has launched a fourth migration appeal, giving the galaxy's minor factions an opportunity to establish a permanent presence in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation explained the nature of the initiative:  
  
"Once again we are asking pilots to deliver a specific commodity to Jaques Station on behalf of their chosen organisation in order to earn a migration visa.  
  
"At the end of the campaign, the ten factions that have made the largest contribution will earn the right to settle in one of the systems we have targeted for colonisation. A new planetary outpost will be constructed in the system for the organisation's sole use.  
  
The campaign begins on the 9th of March 3303 and will run for four weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Arming Colonia  
  
3304-03-01   
  
Arek Crimson Vision Corporation has launched a campaign to boost Colonia’s military strength by providing the region with weapons. The initiative is a direct response to ongoing Thargoid hostility.  
  
A spokesperson for Arek Crimson Vision Corporation elaborated on the nature of the campaign:  
  
“Several members of our organisation have friends and family in Colonia, so we’ve decided to divert some cash into protecting the region. If the Thargoids come knocking, we don’t want the people of Colonia to be caught with their pants down.”  
  
Arek Crimson Vision Corporation has placed an open order for a range of weapons, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver the requested goods to Gold Hub in the Arek system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 1st of March 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Federal-Imperial Operation Concludes  
  
3304-03-01   
  
Admiral Denton Patreus has announced that the joint Federal-Imperial operation in the Pleiades Sector OI-T c3-7 and Arietis Sector XE-Z b4 systems has succeeded in achieving its objectives. Scores of independent pilots supported the campaign by eliminating Thargoids, and by recovering black boxes and personal effects from Thargoid attack sites.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Admiral Denton Patreus released a statement, thanking those who participated.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Orcus Crag in the Pleiades Sector OI-T c3-7 system and PRE Logistics Support Beta in the Arietis Sector XE-Z b4 system.  
  
# Lakon Releases Alliance Chieftain  
  
3304-03-01   
  
The Alliance has announced a new combat ship, the Alliance Chieftain, which has been specifically designed to counter the aggression of the Thargoids.  
  
A press release from Lakon Spaceways, which has developed the ship, stated:  
  
“The Chieftain is a highly manoeuvrable vessel for its size and weight, offering an advantage against the renowned agility of Thargoid craft. It boasts six weapon hardpoints and also has three internal military compartments. This makes it very capable in a combat situation, and able to withstand considerable punishment.”  
  
“We believe demand will be high.”  
  
The Alliance Chieftain is now available for purchase.  
  
# DISTANT WORLDS MINING CAMPAIGN  
  
3305-03-07  
  
The organisers of the Distant Worlds II expedition have requested materials for two construction projects in the Galactic Centre.  
  
The exploration fleet aims to build a megaship and installation in the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system.  
  
Dr Kaii, Fleet Liaison for Deep Space Surveys, explained:  
  
“This installation will be a place for scientists to study the supermassive black hole at Sagittarius A*. Future explorers visiting the station will be well looked after by Deep Space Surveys, to whom we will hand the keys before continuing to Beagle Point.”  
  
Bauxite, water and liquid oxygen should be delivered to Explorer's Anchorage in the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system. To protect contributors, Deep Space Surveys has authorised bounty vouchers for all wanted vessels.  
The initiative begins on the 7th of March 3305 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# MACROSPHERE INITIATIVE ENDS  
  
3305-03-07  
  
A components drive for a device to detect illegally reprogrammed robots has concluded successfully.  
  
Taniyah Sharpe, CEO of technology company Macrosphere, announced:  
  
“There was a fantastic response to our request, which the DS Leonis Industries organised on our behalf. Many thanks to those who participated.”  
  
“Whether you own a personal admin robot or a factory of industrial machines, the Mech Scanner will confirm that they are functioning as intended.”  
  
Pilots who took part in the initiative can now collect their rewards from Grandin Terminal in the DS Leonis system.  
  
## Macrosphere  
  
## Taniyah Sharpe  
  
### CEO  
  
### Macrosphere  
  
## DS Leonis Industries  
  
## Mech Scanner  
  
# The Legend Returns  
  
3301-02-12   
  
It's been some time since Jaques began his epic journey from orbit around the moon of Topaz into the mysterious places of the great unknown. A week ago we reported that Jacques Station was seen by an intrepid commander in HIP 110620.  
  
What mysteries will the enigmatic cyborg see on his long travels? Emma Hallows, asked Jaques those very same questions the robotic barkeep responded-  
  
"If people want to know my story, they'd best come buy a drink and find out for themselves.  
  
# Restoring Sanity to Anarchy in Banki and BD+03 2338  
  
3301-02-13   
  
As the Federal Navy begins to move into position around Banki and BD+03 2338, independent Commanders from all corners of the galaxy have started gathering at Antonio De Andrade Vista in Banki and Matteucci Terminal in Khasiri in preparation for the final set of engagements against the Federal rebels.   
  
The Federal Navy has issued a warning calling for all civilians to evacuate the areas around Banki and BD+03 2338 immediately. The official policy being that any unidentified ships caught in the coming conflict will be treated as enemy combatants, meaning they will most likely be destroyed on sight.  
  
All loyal members of the Federation are requested to report to either Antonio De Andrade Vista in Banki or Matteucci Terminal in Khasiri to receive orders as to how they can best lend their support to the Federal Navy. Non-combat roles are available for conscientious objectors.  
  
## Federation  
  
# The St. Valentine's Day Regatta  
  
3301-02-13   
  
Captain Millington, chief of racing operations, has finally announced the details of this year's St. Valentine's Regatta, one of the most prestigious events on the yearly racing calendar. The race, which begins in the Kumbaya system, will see participants follow a gruelling 500ly route that passes through some of the most dangerous areas in the surrounding sectors.   
  
"As every pilot knows, St. Valentine's is a gruelling test of nerve and daring, a headlong dash from one side of inhabited space to the other. Many enter, but only one can win. In the 37 years of the race's history (excluding 3284, when it was cancelled due to the civil war) this race has never been won by a pilot with less than exemplary skill. Many winners have gone on to become legends, so join us on the 14th to find out who will be next to ascend to glory amongst the stars.  
  
Any last minute entrants should contact Commander Kitiara for more information on how to sign up.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-02-10   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Focus on Democracy  
  
3302-02-11   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,971 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Ba Njok Netcoms Commodities  
  
Green Party of LHS 3549  
  
New BD+23 3151 Revolutionary Party  
  
BD-01 3500 Electronics Services  
  
Juma Republic Party  
  
Alliance of Tiano  
  
Asgaa Galactic Industries  
  
Baadaga Purple Life Co  
  
LTT 11958 Freedom Party  
  
People's Procyon Values Party  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Former Slaves Receive Aid  
  
3302-02-11   
  
The Paladin Consortium has announced that its recent appeal for water purifiers has been met with a positive response. The initiative was launched after the group freed the Imperial slaves of LFT 37, only to discover that the newly liberated slaves would not legally be able to obtain employment or housing for several weeks. With a potential humanitarian crisis looming, the Paladin Consortium turned to the galactic community for help, asking for deliveries of water purifiers to ensure the former slaves would have access to basic sanitation.  
  
Following the success of the initiative, authorities in the LFT 37 system released a statement to the media:  
  
"We are immensely grateful to all those who contributed to this campaign. The former slaves at Onnes Gateway will now be able to enjoy a basic standard of living while they wait for the Empire to formally terminate their indenture contracts. Our thanks also go to the Paladin Consortium, which spearheaded this operation.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Loren's Legion Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-03-09   
  
Ambassador Cuthrick Delaney, steward of the Prism system, has announced that the Loren's Legion appeal for tantalum has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of independent pilots responded to the appeal, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Hiram's Anchorage, the organisation's base of operations.  
  
In a statement, Delaney said:  
  
"Loren's Legion would like to extend its gratitude to all the Commanders who rallied to our call. Our immediate economic issues have been addressed, thanks to your efforts.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Hiram's Anchorage in the Prism system.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-03-14   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bethe Station, Muracing  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Eckford Prospect, Naitis  
  
Finney Ring, Jitabos  
  
Ford Dock, Naitis  
  
Frick Base, Naurung  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Grego Reach, Pentin  
  
Schwann Hub, Wikanawal  
  
Yeliseyev Beacon, Nican  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Bolotov Gateway, Arakwibut  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Cardano Port, Jormor  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Gabriel Enterprise, Harma  
  
Saberhagen Ring, Devata Baru  
  
Schilling Dock, Huaich  
  
Smith Port, HIP 106072  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-03-15   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Protecting Colonia  
  
3304-03-02   
  
As the Thargoid offensive continues, authorities in Colonia have decided to step up security by building a new security installation in the region.  
  
A spokesperson for the Colonia Council, which is overseeing the initiative, gave the following statement:  
  
“The Thargoids have now entered the core systems, and their hostility shows no signs of abating. Meanwhile, Colonia’s defensive capabilities remain limited. It is clear to us that the time to act has come.”  
  
Colonia has agreed to fund the operation, and has placed an open order for various mined resources for use in the construction. Pilots who deliver the requested resources to Dove Enigma in the Colonia system will be generously compensated.  
  
The campaign begins on the 1st of March 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Arming Colonia  
  
3304-03-02   
  
Arek Crimson Vision Corporation has launched a campaign to boost Colonia’s military strength by providing the region with weapons. The initiative is a direct response to ongoing Thargoid hostility.  
  
A spokesperson for Arek Crimson Vision Corporation elaborated on the nature of the campaign:  
  
“Several members of our organisation have friends and family in Colonia, so we’ve decided to divert some cash into protecting the region. If the Thargoids come knocking, we don’t want the people of Colonia to be caught with their pants down.”  
  
Arek Crimson Vision Corporation has placed an open order for a range of weapons, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver the requested goods to Gold Hub in the Arek system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 1st of March 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Federal-Imperial Operation Concludes  
  
3304-03-02   
  
Admiral Denton Patreus has announced that the joint Federal-Imperial operation in the Pleiades Sector OI-T c3-7 and Arietis Sector XE-Z b4 systems has succeeded in achieving its objectives. Scores of independent pilots supported the campaign by eliminating Thargoids, and by recovering black boxes and personal effects from Thargoid attack sites.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Admiral Denton Patreus released a statement, thanking those who participated.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Orcus Crag in the Pleiades Sector OI-T c3-7 system and PRE Logistics Support Beta in the Arietis Sector XE-Z b4 system.  
  
# DISOWNED HEIRESS ADMITS GAMBLING ADDICTION  
  
3305-03-09  
  
The former heiress to the Ambrose Foundation has confessed that she lost her family’s entire fortune through excessive gambling.  
Lady Talitha – now ordinary Talitha Ambrose – provided this statement to Vox Galactica:  
  
“Everything you’ve read is true. I attended a lavish event hosted by Jokers’ Deck, staked the entire Ambrose estate and lost it all. But I don’t regret a thing.”  
  
“The gambling problem I’ve suffered with for years has finally been cured. I believe my addiction was fuelled by having far more wealth than any individual should. I now plan to use my connections to raise funds for addiction support charities.”  
  
“I don’t blame Jokers’ Deck for my situation, since I knew the risks when I joined. And frankly, it could have been worse – I’ve seen corporations won and lost over a hand of deadlock poker.”  
  
## Ambrose Foundation  
  
## Lady Talitha Ambrose  
  
## Vox Galactica  
  
## Jokers’ Deck  
  
# HUNT FOR CHILDREN OF TOTHOS CONTINUES  
  
3305-03-08  
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency continues to search for the Children of Tothos, a fringe cult that has stolen a nuclear weapon.  
Ethan Takahashi, crime correspondent for The Federal Times, reported:  
  
“The FIA has rooted out additional cultists within the Zlota system. All fervently worship their charismatic leader, Barnabas Cole, but none seem to know his current location or plans.”  
  
“The Children of Tothos believe they were chosen by a demonic being that exists ‘in the spaces between the stars’. Cole claims that only he, aided by select adherents, can summon Tothos with an enormous ceremonial sacrifice.”  
  
“Criminal psychologists fear that Cole’s egotism permits any act that justifies his delusions, including detonation of a nuclear warhead. Since the recently stolen Lucifer Device is both portable and undetectable by security scans, practically any location might be chosen for the cult’s apocalyptic ceremony.”  
  
## Children of Totho  
  
## Zlota  
  
## Barnabas Cole  
  
## Tothos  
  
### demonic being  
  
### exists ‘in the spaces between the stars  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
# Underground Racers Spotted In and Around Sol  
  
3301-02-14   
  
Word has spread that a group of CMDRs piloting Core Dynamics' Eagle Fighters were spotted conducting high speed races near the Sol system. Traders visiting Ashby City in Luyten's Star report that they spotted the pilots engaging in dangerous manoeuvres through the docking slot and around the station. Similar reports came from the Altair System where patrons of the Solo Orbiter Station were met with several colorfully-painted Eagles upon arrival.   
  
  
  
“The pilots made it clear they meant no harm, their hardpoints were retracted and subsystem scans indicated that the spacecraft were not equipped for combat.”  
  
  
  
Rumour has it that this underground racing circuit began around the Earth-Moon System in nearby Sol. It seems that for now the Federation are willing to turn a blind eye to these events, as Federal Security Forces have made no attempts to intervene.   
  
  
  
-CMDR FatHaggard  
  
## Federation  
  
# Banki and BD+03 2338 - Over by Breakfast!  
  
3301-02-15   
  
In a speech delivered from Navy Headquarters, Admiral Vincent has expressed his pleasure over the progress being made by Federal Forces engaged in the reclamation of Banki and BD+03 2338.  
  
“The ongoing conflicts in Banki and BD+03 2338 were not started by us. They started at the beginning of the year when lawless thugs took it upon themselves to invade their smaller, peaceful neighbours. Despite any distractions President Halsey might be facing in her failure to find a replacement for our late Vice President Smeaton, the Federation will not stand idly by while foreign powers invade federal territory under the guise of locally formed separatist movements.”  
  
The Admiral went on to say:  
  
“All foreign, and indeed any domestically grown, terrorist rebels we find will be dealt with decisively. Our troops are doing extremely well, and thanks to the pinpoint strikes being carried out by my men on the ground, I expect the majority of the fighting will be over by the time I have breakfast tomorrow.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Diamond Frogs Bring Hope to LFT 37  
  
3302-02-11   
  
An initiative by the Paladin Consortium to deliver water purifiers to recently liberated imperial slaves in LFT 37 has been declared a rousing success, due in part to the actions of the Diamond Frogs private security firm.  
  
Diamond Frog pilots were hired by the Paladin Consortium to run interference within the system, preventing opportunistic raiders from picking off the cargo vessels making deliveries to Onnes Gateway.  
  
Though there were a few close scrapes, Commander Kermit Laphroaig praised the tenacity of his fellow mercenaries, and reported that despite the overwhelming hostility of the operational area none of his pilots lost their cool in the face of adversity.  
  
'Disc' Commander Felix Dyson - Radio Skvortsov  
  
# Galactic News: Appeal for Osmium Successful  
  
3302-02-11   
  
The LHS 2936 Alliance Combine has announced that its recent campaign for osmium has been a success. According to a company spokesperson, the osmium will be used to create specialist alloys with which to improve the organisation's manufacturing facilities, thereby helping the company regain its competitive edge. In a statement, the company's spokesperson thanked those who had responded to the request:  
  
"We would like to extend our gratitude to all the pilots who contributed to this campaign by delivering osmium to our base of operations at Fraser Orbital. The process of manufacturing the specialist alloys needed to improve our manufacturing facilities has now begun. A new era of profitability for the LHS 2936 Alliance Combine lies ahead.  
  
# Galactic News: Loren's Legion Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-03-16   
  
Ambassador Cuthrick Delaney, steward of the Prism system, has announced that the Loren's Legion appeal for Tantalum has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of independent pilots responded to the appeal, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Hiram's Anchorage, the organisation's base of operations.  
  
In a statement, Delaney said:  
  
"Loren's Legion would like to extend its gratitude to all the Commanders who rallied to our call. Our immediate economic issues have been addressed, thanks to your efforts.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Hiram's Anchorage in the Prism system.  
  
# Community Goal: Alectrona Imperial Society Issues Appeal  
  
3303-03-16   
  
The Empire has announced plans to construct an outpost in the Andhrimi system, and has placed an open order for materials for use in the construction.  
  
The Alectrona Imperial Society has been authorised to coordinate the campaign, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver building fabricators, energy grid assemblies and lithium to Yurchikhin Station in the Andhrimi system.  
  
After learning of the Empire's plans to gain a foothold in the Andhrimi system, the Federation intends to undermine the operation by targeting Alectrona Imperial Society ships.  
  
The rival campaigns begin on the 16th of March 3303 and will run for one week. If either organisation achieves its aims earlier than planned, the operations will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Lakon Releases Alliance Chieftain  
  
3304-03-02   
  
The Alliance has announced a new combat ship, the Alliance Chieftain, which has been specifically designed to counter the aggression of the Thargoids.  
  
A press release from Lakon Spaceways, which has developed the ship, stated:  
  
“The Chieftain is a highly manoeuvrable vessel for its size and weight, offering an advantage against the renowned agility of Thargoid craft. It boasts six weapon hardpoints and also has three internal military compartments. This makes it very capable in a combat situation, and able to withstand considerable punishment.”  
  
“We believe demand will be high.”  
  
The Alliance Chieftain is now available for purchase.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-03-03   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Reports from independent pilots confirm that a new type of Thargoid vessel has been encountered, both in the Pleiades and on the fringes of the core systems. The ship, designated a Thargoid Scout Marauder by the Pilots Federation, are reported to be more manoeuvrable than the Thargoid Interceptor, but less resistant to weapons fire.  
  
Meanwhile, analytical reports released by Aegis have confirmed a pattern to the Thargoids’ recent starport attacks, which have left thousands dead and infrastructures crippled. Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, confirmed that the Thargoids are specifically targeting starports where Aegis laboratories are established. Defensive measures have been increased at all starports where Aegis has a presence.  
  
Authorities in Colonia have decided to step up security by building a new security installation in the region. The Arek Crimson Vision Corporation has launched a parallel campaign to boost Colonia’s military strength by providing the region with weapons. Both initiatives are a direct response to ongoing Thargoid hostility.  
  
Finally, Admiral Denton Patreus has announced that the joint Federal-Imperial operation in the Pleiades Sector OI-T c3-7 and Arietis Sector XE-Z b4 systems has succeeded in achieving its objectives. Scores of independent pilots supported the campaign by eliminating Thargoids, and by recovering black boxes and personal effects from Thargoid attack sites.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# NUCLEAR THREAT SHUTS DOWN STARPORT  
  
3305-03-14  
  
Archambault terminal in the Chun Tstar system has been overtaken by the Children of Tothos cult, who are threatening to detonate a stolen nuclear weapon.  
  
Senior Agent Rochelle Karim gave this statement:  
  
“Most services at Archambault terminal have shut down as a result of the control deck’s occupation by Children of Tothos adherents. It’s evident that personnel are obeying the cultists’ orders for fear that they will use the Lucifer Device.”  
  
“Millions of people remain at the starport, making a frontal assault too risky. FIA negotiators are taking steps to open a dialogue and resolve the situation peacefully.”  
The cult’s leader, Barnabas Cole, transmitted a brief message using Archambault terminal’s communications array:  
  
“At last, we have found the place where our testament’s light will shine. Join us. When the ceremony is complete, you will all see Tothos as we do.”  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
## Archambault terminal  
  
### Chun Tstar  
  
## Children of Tothos  
  
## Lucifer Device.  
  
## FIA  
  
## Barnabas Cole  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
# WEEK IN REVIEW  
  
3305-03-10  
  
Here are this week’s main stories.  
  
The search for Barnabas Cole, leader of the Children of Tothos, has resulted in further arrests. Cole’s alleged possession of the stolen Lucifer Device remains a serious concern to the Federal Intelligence Agency.  
Talitha Ambrose, former heiress to the Ambrose Foundation fortune, has confessed to having a gambling addiction. She confirmed that her family’s estate had been lost during a Jokers’ Deck event, and pledged her future work to fundraising for addiction charities.  
  
An initiative on behalf of Macrosphere has concluded successfully, with enough materials provided by the galactic community to begin manufacture of a new robot-screening device.  
Finally, organisers of the Distant Worlds II expedition have requested materials for two deep-space construction projects. The exploration fleet aims to build a megaship and installation in the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# The Sorry Fate of Hank Stone  
  
3301-02-16   
  
Residents of Toolfa Large were left in shock this weekend after local security services found a small fortune in raw gold sitting aboard what they presumed to be an abandoned Sidewinder in one of the station’s lower hangers. The ship’s records indicate that its owner, a Mr Hank Stone, had spent the last month alone in the LAWD 26 system, where he had found a previously untapped source of precious metals.  
  
After a brief investigation it was discovered that a Mr Hank Stone, of no fixed abode, has been found dead in his bunk at Toolfa Large Short Stay Inn several days beforehand.   
  
Mr Stone is believed to have passed away due to chronic liver failure, a state that was no doubt exasperated by the half dozen empty bottles of Eranin Pearl Whiskey that were found strewn about his cabin.  
  
# Patreus Slave Sale Ends  
  
3301-02-16   
  
It's been an interesting week for the people of Durius as they continue to undergo assimilation into the greater Imperial fold.   
  
As part of that process, the management team in charge of Durius were able to offer debt relief retraining to 12070 newly minted citizens. As a result, 12070 Imperial Slaves found themselves exported from Durius to other parts of the Empire over the last week. A move that was partly facilitated through a newly formed business arrangement between Senator Patreus and Senator Torval.   
  
Senator Patreus has said of this:  
  
“I am glad the remaining citizens of Durius have freely entered the honourable Imperial tradition and agreed to repay their share of the debt by voluntarily becoming Imperial Slaves until their debts are fully repaid. I wish them well.”  
  
Given the fact that the remaining citizenry are in good financial standing, the temporary sale of Imperial Slaves from Durius has now come to an end.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Effinger Port Furbaide Reports Contagion Spreading Unchecked  
  
3301-02-17   
  
Despite a valiant effort by medical staff working aboard afflicted stations in Liaedin, LHS 3505 and Furbaide the illness now known as Volungu Blight has managed to evade all attempts to contain it.  
  
The virulent disease has managed to claim hundreds of lives since it first appeared just 24 hours ago.   
  
In an attempt to combat the spread of the Blight, a rapid response team has been set up aboard Effinger Port station in the Furbaide system. This team will be working around the clock to find a cure, but they can’t do it alone.  
  
Dr Miriam Fletcher, head of the Furbaide CDC, has requested that anyone shipping basic medicines divert to Effinger Port in order to donate the supplies needed to stop the Blight before it manages to spread any further.  
  
# Community Goal: Develop the Economy of Okinura  
  
3302-02-11   
  
Following recent reports that the Earth Defence Fleet, a Federation-aligned faction, had assumed control of the Okinura system, the organisation has announced plans to develop the system's economy. In a statement, a spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"Okinura has been marked for development due to its strategically significant position between the systems of Federal President Zachary Hudson and Shadow President Felicia Winters. By transforming Okinura into a high-tech system we hope to create a valuable trading hub and give a boost to the wider Federal economy.  
  
In support of this goal, the Earth Defence Fleet has devised a two-pronged strategy, placing an open order for polymers with which to upgrade Fisher Terminal, and setting aside privateer bonds for combat pilots who help to eliminate agitators operating in Okinura.  
  
The initiative begins today and will run for one week.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-02-13   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,208 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Conservatives of Tiliala  
  
Nez Pelliri Gang  
  
Nagii Union  
  
Revolutionary Pontae Liberals  
  
Aonibozo Silver State Services  
  
Earls of Pripai  
  
Negi Coalition  
  
Workers of HD 13931 Revolutionary Party  
  
Confederacy of Cochipati  
  
Movement for Regulus Labour  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Starship One Destruction Linked to Mechanical Failure  
  
3302-02-15   
  
A Federal investigation team has released the results of an official inquiry into the destruction of Starship One. The 600,000-word report confirms that the abnormal energy signature detected just before the ship made its last jump was almost certainly caused by mechanical failure. The report goes on to assert that the failure began with a power surge in the ship's central power plant – a relatively common occurrence in a high-capacity hydrogen reactor – which overloaded several other core systems.  
  
Despite examining every piece of available evidence, investigators could not find any proof that the ship was sabotaged. They ultimately concluded that the ship's destruction was the result of a complex, multi-stage engine failure.  
  
# Galactic News: Construction Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-03-16   
  
A spokesperson for the Military Militia has extended its gratitude to those who supported its recent appeal for construction materials. In a statement, the spokesperson said:  
  
"Thanks to the galactic community, we are now in a position to start work on the Soldiers' Respite installation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Pellegrino Hub in the XI-2 Lupi system.  
  
# Galactic News: Distress Call Received from Col 70 Sector  
  
3303-03-20   
  
Recent reports indicate that a garbled distress call from somewhere in the Col 70 sector has been received. The news has been met with surprise from some quarters, given that permit restrictions have made the sector relatively inaccessible.  
  
"We're not sure what to make of it," said Perry Hussein, a member of the Federal intelligence community, "but it was definitely a distress call and the ship that sent it appears to have been destroyed. The telemetry indicates it was an older vessel, perhaps Cobra class.  
  
## premonition  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-03-21   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bolotov Gateway, Arakwibut  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Cardano Port, Jormor  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Eckford Prospect, Naitis  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Grego Reach, Pentin  
  
Schilling Dock, Huaich  
  
Schwann Hub, Wikanawal  
  
Smith Port, HIP 106072  
  
Yeliseyev Beacon, Nican  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Amnuel Dock, Kwiamoni  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Ford Dock, Naitis  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Saberhagen Ring, Devata Baru  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Hermite Dock, Fan Cechehe  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-03-04   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Reports from independent pilots confirm that a new type of Thargoid vessel has been encountered, both in the Pleiades and on the fringes of the core systems. The ship, designated a Thargoid Scout Marauder by the Pilots Federation, are reported to be more manoeuvrable than the Thargoid Interceptor, but less resistant to weapons fire.  
  
Meanwhile, analytical reports released by Aegis have confirmed a pattern to the Thargoids’ recent starport attacks, which have left thousands dead and infrastructures crippled. Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, confirmed that the Thargoids are specifically targeting starports where Aegis laboratories are established. Defensive measures have been increased at all starports where Aegis has a presence.  
  
Authorities in Colonia have decided to step up security by building a new security installation in the region. The Arek Crimson Vision Corporation has launched a parallel campaign to boost Colonia’s military strength by providing the region with weapons. Both initiatives are a direct response to ongoing Thargoid hostility.  
  
Finally, Admiral Denton Patreus has announced that the joint Federal-Imperial operation in the Pleiades Sector OI-T c3-7 and Arietis Sector XE-Z b4 systems has succeeded in achieving its objectives. Scores of independent pilots supported the campaign by eliminating Thargoids, and by recovering black boxes and personal effects from Thargoid attack sites.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Ram Tah Announces New Discoveries  
  
3304-03-06   
  
The engineer Ram Tah has revealed that his recent request for pilots to investigate possible Guardian sites has yielded significant discoveries. He has released this statement:  
  
“Thanks to many courageous Commanders, we have found several new Guardian sites and recovered a great deal of data. As I theorised, the ruins are not as dead as they seem, since some are actively defended by ancient Guardian drones.”  
  
“My analysis of the data has yielded key technological information, much of which can be put to immediate practical use. This has allowed me to produce blueprints for new weaponry and power-plant systems based on Guardian designs.”  
  
“I am currently liaising with technology brokers to manufacture and distribute these devices, which I hope will benefit the galaxy in these troubled times.”  
  
Ram Tah added that he will continue to rely on the galactic community’s support in unearthing further knowledge about the Guardians.  
  
# The Guardians: The Galaxy Reacts  
  
3304-03-07   
  
There has been a range of reactions to the discovery of new Guardian sites, and to Ram Tah’s development of Guardian-inspired technologies.  
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson said: “The Federation congratulates Ram Tah on his success. Anything that helps us defend our citizens from Thargoid aggression is welcome.”  
  
Imperial Admiral Denton Patreus echoed this sentiment: “I am pleased to hear that new, more powerful armaments are being produced. These will provide a tactical advantage in our conflict with the Thargoids.”  
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon struck a more balanced tone: “Information is wealth, and Ram Tah’s efforts to expand the boundaries of science and knowledge will make us rich indeed.”  
  
  
  
Meanwhile, Simguru Pranav Antal of Utopia looked to the future: “There is enormous potential for humanity to benefit from the technology of our galactic predecessors, and we look forward to sharing whatever prosperity these new discoveries may bring.”  
  
Finally, Professor Alba Tesreau, head of research at Aegis, commented: “I have already contacted Ram Tah with the hope that Aegis can study his new data. Understanding more about the Guardians may enhance our knowledge of the Thargoids, and perhaps help us to comprehend their motives.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# RACKHAM FATALITY CREATES POWER STRUGGLE  
  
3305-03-15  
  
Rackham Capital Investments has appointed a new CFO following the death of its former financial officer.  
  
Business analyst Marlon Royce reported on the situation:  
  
“Aaron Salazar was CFO at Rackham Capital Investments from its inception. After a sudden cardiac arrest at the Ivystone Spa proved terminal, the board of directors voted to install Taja Gavaris as his replacement. Little is known of Gavaris outside of her meteoric rise up the corporate ladder.”  
  
“CEO Zachary Rackham was not present at the vote, the CEO has taken a leave of absence to cope with his grief. “The multi-billionaire businessman, also known as ‘Calico Zack’, established the company following a lucrative career as an independent trader, although rumours persist that he actually operated as a pirate.”  
  
“Insiders have speculated that Gavaris’s appointment may be part of a scheme to oust Rackham from the top spot.”  
  
## Rackham Capital Investments  
  
## Marlon Royce  
  
### Business analyst  
  
## Aaron Salazar  
  
### CFO  
  
### cardiac arrest  
  
## Taja Gavaris  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
### CEO  
  
# Distant Worlds Campaign Concludes  
  
3305-03-14  
  
The Distant Worlds II expedition has gathered resources for a megaship and installation to be constructed in the Galactic Centre.   
  
Contributors delivered huge amounts of materials to the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system. Deep Space Surveys also defended miners by placing a kill order on all wanted ships.   
  
Commander Michael Darkmoor of the Rock Rats stated:   
  
“The newly built astrophysics station will enable us to observe high-detail changes to the gravimetric field surrounding Sagittarius A*. We hope to better understand the deeper relationships between extreme gravity and multi-dimensional space.”   
  
The Distant Worlds II exploration fleet will continue its journey across the galaxy, towards Beagle Point.   
  
Those who took part in the campaign can now collect their rewards from Explorer's Anchorage in the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system.  
  
## Distant Worlds II  
  
## Deep Space Surveys  
  
## Explorer's Anchorage  
  
### Stuemeae FG-Y d7561  
  
## Commander Michael Darkmoor  
  
### Rock Rats  
  
## Sagittarius A*  
  
## Beagle Point  
  
# A Question of Security  
  
3301-02-17   
  
During a gathering of patrons held on Eotienses earlier today, Senator Denton Patreus received a standing ovation after delivering a stirring speech on the importance of internal security.  
  
“We live in uncertain times my friends,” the Senator began. “The health of the Emperor is failing and the wolves are at our door. Even here, close to the very heart of our Empire, there are dangers lurking in every shadow.”  
  
The Senator went on to say:  
  
“It might surprise you to learn that just 30 mere lightyears from where we stand bloody handed chaos reigns supreme. The criminals of Falisci use their privileged sovereignty to peck away at law abiding Imperial states, and they are far from the only ones to do so. Is it not our honour bound duty to protect those who cannot protect themselves? We must purge the Empire of these parasites in our midst. Only then will we be free to achieve our true destiny.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# New VP Appointed  
  
3301-02-17   
  
In a formal ceremony in the Congress building on Mars, Congressman Ethan Naylor, the Congressman for Siren was formally signed in as the Federal Vice President.  
  
This is a controversial choice as this is the first time a member of the Federal Leadership has been a Congressman from a frontier world. Some have said that President Halsey is reacting to critics that here government is too Sol-centric, and others that she may regret the choice.  
  
In his appointment speech Naylor said:  
  
“I am honoured to have this phenomenal role. I will see it as my job to see that Federal States on the frontier will get the attention they deserve.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Dr Arcanonn Speculates on Palin's Disappearance  
  
3302-02-15   
  
Dr Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has spoken out about the disappearance of Professor Ishmael Palin:  
  
"I hope that the professor is safe, but I feel a growing sense that he is no longer with us. As was recently made public, I am currently in hiding because a credible threat to my life was received. My fear is that the dark forces that sought to end my life have intercepted Palin on his way to Maia b1ba.  
  
"We were told that the Diamondback Explorer that made the 'high-speed pass' at Obsidian Orbital appeared to be looking for something. Could it have been looking for the professor?  
  
"We didn't always see eye to eye, but Professor Palin is – or was – a great scientist and he is sorely missed.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Freelance Report: Buckyball Racers to Chauffeur Students  
  
3302-02-15   
  
Grant Academics, whose slogan is 'We Make Learning Easy', has announced a partnership with the Buckyball Racing Club to provide students with chauffeurs during the upcoming Spring Break vacation. The most talented pilots in human space will escort students from the Exigus campus to the biggest tourism hotspots in the region.  
  
"Students will be entirely safe in the hands of these veteran pilots," said a member of the Grant Academics board of directors. "I have personally interviewed the BRC member coordinating the event. Commander Seneh is a Grant Academics alumnus and recent inductee to the Pilots Federation, and she has assured me that the BRC will closely monitor its pilots.  
  
The BRC chauffeurs will be available from the 18th March and will return those under their care to the Exigus campus no later than 26th of March.  
  
Commander JAK  
  
Buckyball Racing Club  
  
## Federation  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-03-22   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Alectrona Imperial Society Operation Succeeds  
  
3303-03-23   
  
A spokesperson for the Alectrona Imperial Society has announced that its appeal for construction materials has reached a successful conclusion.  
  
Hundreds of independent pilots supported the operation, and the Alectrona Imperial Society will be able to begin construction of an outpost in the Andhrimi system at some point in the future.  
  
A spokesperson for the Alectrona Imperial Society thanked those who supported the operation. Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Yurchikhin Station in the Andhrimi system.  
  
# Arek Crimson Vision Corporation Campaign Ends  
  
3304-03-08   
  
A spokesperson for Arek Crimson Vision Corporation has announced that its appeal for weapons has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to the organisation’s base of operations. The weapons will now be shipped to the Colonia region.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, a spokesperson for Arek Crimson Vision Corporation issued a statement thanking those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Gold Hub in the Arek system.  
  
# Colonia Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-03-08   
  
The Colonia Council has announced that its campaign to build a security installation in the Colonia region has been warmly received by the galactic community. Large quantities of material were delivered to Dove Enigma over the past week, allowing the initiative to move to the construction phase.  
  
A spokesperson for the Colonia Council, which is overseeing the campaign, gave the following statement:  
  
“The new installation will help us protect the people of Colonia from the ever-escalating Thargoid threat. Our thanks go to those who supported the campaign.”  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3305-03-16  
  
Here are this week's main stories.  
  
The Children of Tothos cult has taken control of Archambault terminal in the Chun Tstar system. Access to most station services has been suspended. It is feared that the cult's leader, Barnabas Cole, plans to detonate the Lucifer Device as part of an apocalyptic ceremony.  
  
Rackham Capital Investments has appointed Taja Gavaris as its new CFO, following the death of its former financial officer. CEO Zachary Rackham was not involved in Gavaris's appointment, leading to speculation of a scheme to remove Rackham from the company.  
  
And finally, the Distant Worlds II expedition has gathered the resources required to construct a new megaship and installation in the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system. The fleet will now continue its journey towards Beagle Point.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Station Construction Now Underway  
  
3301-02-18   
  
Thanks to the combined efforts of entrepreneurs, small business owners and corporate sponsors, preparations for the launch of the new EAUC Exploration Ocellus are now well underway. 4871 commanders contributed over 8154177 tons of metal to the project, which in turn has allowed the EAUC coalition to outfit the station to a level far beyond their original specifications.  
  
Universal Cartographics has released a statement thanking the committee members who wisely chose the mineral rich system of HIP 101110 as the potential launch site, as well as to Zimm_Macugz for organising the delivery of an impressive 150000 tonnes of raw materials.  
  
The new station is expected to be ready for its maiden voyage to HIP 101110 now know as New Yembo within the next few days.  
  
# The Fastest Pilot in the Galaxy  
  
3301-02-19   
  
This is Casey Murrow and today I'm talking exclusively with Commander Samwell Drakhyr, winner of this year’s big race, the St. Valentine Day Regatta. So just how did you manage to win it all Sam?  
  
"A bad pilot is controlled by their ship. They are surprised all the time, because their mind is in harmony with neither ship nor surroundings. A good pilot controls their ship. They are surprised only half the time, because they know the limits of their ship so well that it is becomes part of them, directed by the pilot's will without conscious effort, like a limb.  
  
"I strive to go beyond that. I scout my route until I own it. I make it part of me. I do my thinking in advance so when I fly on the day there is no mind, no ship, no pilot that exists as separate entities. My hands move, yet in a way it feels like they are steady, inevitable, and it is instead the universe itself that is moving.  
  
Excellent and inspiring advice there from Commander Drakhyr, champion of the 37th almost annual St. Valentine Day Regatta.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-02-16   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 839 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Earth Defense Fleet  
  
Jangore Monarchy  
  
League of LP 195-25  
  
Carverda Empire Assembly  
  
Futhorc Imperial Society  
  
Wolf 225 Dominion  
  
Allowa Vision and Co  
  
Bureau of Atropos Conservatives  
  
HIP 12766 Empire Party  
  
Xiri Crimson Public Ltd  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 835 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Liberty Party of Lodhary  
  
Kakmbutan Comms Inc  
  
Sopontet Free  
  
Gabri Labour  
  
Wiknani Blue Transport Solutions  
  
Movement for Inmutha Progressive Party  
  
Rata Bares Empire Group  
  
Dvorsi Empire Assembly  
  
LTT 9810 Citizens' Forum  
  
Wayaliti Independent Consulate  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-02-17   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Community Goal: Restoring Order in Lidpar  
  
3303-03-23   
  
Authorities in the Lidpar system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally spreading discord.  
  
To counter this threat, the Union of Lidpar Green Party has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the Lid system, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Carlisle Station. In addition, the Union of Lidpar Green Party has promised to reward pilots who deliver battle weapons, reactive armour, and advanced medicines to Carlisle Station in the Lidpar system, to support local security forces.  
  
The campaign begins on 23rd of March 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Perpetrators of Darnielle's Progress Heist Identified  
  
3303-03-24   
  
Three of the five individuals responsible for the recent theft of meta-alloys from Darnielle's Progress have been positively identified, following analysis of starport security footage. Remarkably, one of the perpetrators has been acknowledged as Commander Salomé, also known as Kahina Tijani Loren.  
  
Loren was sentenced to life imprisonment last year for the attempted murder of Admiral Denton Patreus, but when her convoy was destroyed en route to Koontz Asylum it was assumed she had been killed.  
  
Responding to the news, Imperial authorities promptly placed a galaxy-wide bounty on Salomé to the tune of 500,000 credits.  
  
Meanwhile, Princess Aisling Duval released a brief statement:  
  
"Commander Salomé is a disgraced senator and a convicted murderer. She incites violence wherever she goes, and in the interest of public safety she must be stopped. I urge all those loyal to the Empire to deliver justice to this criminal.  
  
Salomé's accomplices have been identified as former MetaDrive employee Raan Corsen – previously believed deceased – and former Junior Alliance operative Tsu Annabelle Singh. The Empire has placed sizable bounties on both individuals.  
  
Imperial military sources issued the following advice to those interested in pursuing these bounties:   
  
"These individuals should be considered armed and dangerous. Make no attempt to communicate with them. Shoot on sight. Visual evidence of a target's death will guarantee the relevant bounty.  
  
Salomé's current location is unknown, but she is believed to have fled the core systems.  
  
## premonition  
  
## Empire  
  
# Coalition of Othime Campaign  
  
3304-03-08   
  
The Coalition of Othime has announced plans to develop refinery facilities in its home system through the construction of a new asteroid base.  
  
A spokesperson for the Coalition said:  
  
“Othime relies heavily on its refineries, but those refineries are limited to small and medium cargo vessels, which limits the amount of revenue we can generate. A new asteroid base would allow us to support large ships, such as the Anaconda and Imperial Cutter, and allow us to compete with other refineries in the sector.”  
  
The organisation has placed an open order for various commodities, and has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list to ensure that those contributing material to the campaign can do so safely. Pilots who contribute to the initiative will be generously rewarded.  
  
The campaign begins on 8th of March 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Cultist Occupation of Starport Continues  
  
3305-03-22  
  
Archambault Terminal in the Chun Tstar system remains under threat of nuclear destruction by the Children of Tothos.  
  
Senior Agent Rochelle Karim updated the media:  
  
"Despite the best efforts of our negotiators, the cultists remain in control of the starport and still intend to detonate the Lucifer Device. This 300 megaton weapon is capable of wiping out Archambault Terminal, along with the starport's entire population."  
  
"Their leader, Barnabas Cole, has transmitted messages via the starport's comms array, repeating claims of 'preparing to bring Tothos's light to us all'. There is no mention of a deity named Tothos in historical or mythical records, which suggests the faith was recently founded by Cole."  
  
"Despite this, several civilian ships arrived in the Chun Tstar system over the past few days, attracted by Cole's sermons and seeking to join the cult. The FIA is monitoring the situation closely."  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
# Distant Worlds Starport Operational  
  
3305-03-21  
  
The first starport constructed in the Galactic Centre region has officially opened its doors.  
  
Explorer's Anchorage, an Orbis starport, has been built in the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system as part of the Distant Worlds II expedition.  
  
Councillor Magnolia Gill, the starport administrator, announced its operational status:  
  
"For the last four weeks we have watched our new home take shape, using materials delivered by many hard-working pilots. Now it spins in the galaxy's heart, a monument to humanity's ingenuity."  
  
"As well as serving as a safe haven for future explorers, Explorer's Anchorage is a scientific research installation. We hope to learn more about the supermassive black hole at Sagittarius A* and other astronomical phenomena in the Galactic Centre."  
  
The Distant Worlds II exploration fleet is continuing its journey across the galaxy towards Beagle Point.  
  
# The Long Trip Home  
  
3301-02-19   
  
After a week of wandering in HIP 110620 the Jaques Starport is now making its way through HIP 110079. GalNet is still no closer to learning the reason behind the station's unexpected return, nor can we ascertain where the cyborg barman's ultimate destination may be.  
  
A number of well known commanders from all walks of life have been seen coming in and out of Jaques, which is fast becoming a popular nightspot among young thrillseekers from the Empire, Federation and Alliance alike.   
  
Now that his self-imposed exile has finally come to an end, Jaques appears content to simply wander the stars in the company of a people he once called his own, accompanied by the booming sound of a dark electric beat.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Prices Rising at i Sola Prospect  
  
3302-02-17   
  
Last month, the Imperial Inquisition launched a campaign to develop the outpost of i Sola Prospect on Brestla A1. The campaign was a resounding success, making i Sola Prospect the first planetary outpost to boast a complete range of services, including a comprehensive shipyard. But authorities in Brestla have now announced that they intend to increase the cost of services at the state-of-the-art facility – a decision that is sure to disappoint some sections of the galactic community.  
  
"It costs a lot for manufacturers to ship such large payloads from their core systems", said a spokesperson, "and unfortunately some of these costs must be passed on to the consumer. We are therefore increasing the prices of all outfitting and shipyard services at i Sola Prospect by 20 per cent. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.  
  
The price increase will be implemented immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-03-28   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bolotov Gateway, Arakwibut  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Eckford Prospect, Naitis  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Grego Reach, Pentin  
  
Hermite Dock, Fan Cechehe  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
Schilling Dock, Huaich  
  
Schwann Hub, Wikanawal  
  
Smith Port, HIP 106072  
  
Yeliseyev Beacon, Nican  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Ford Dock, Naitis  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Saberhagen Ring, Devata Baru  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Shirley Platform, DR Crucis  
  
Smith Port, HIP 106072  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-03-09   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Several new Guardian sites have been discovered, resulting in a wealth of fresh information about the Guardians’ long-lost civilisation. Some of this information has already been put to practical use by the engineer Ram Tah, who has produced blueprints for new weaponry and power-plant systems based on Guardian designs.  
  
Several galactic figureheads reacted to the news. Federal President Zachary Hudson said: “Anything that helps us defend our citizens from Thargoid aggression is welcome”, while Imperial Admiral Denton Patreus expressed hope that the new armaments would “provide a tactical advantage in our conflict with the Thargoids”.  
  
Meanwhile, Aegis has launched an operation to monitor Thargoid activity in the Pleiades Nebula. The tri-superpower initiative has established orbital surveillance installations at six locations in the Pleiades as part of the Eagle Eye initiative. The installations will monitor systems where Thargoid surface sites are known to exist.  
  
Finally, the Coalition of Othime has announced plans to develop refinery facilities in its home system through the construction of a new asteroid base. The organisation hopes that the new base will allow it to compete with other refineries in the region.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Thargoid Surveillance in the Pleiades  
  
3304-03-09   
  
Aegis has launched an operation to monitor Thargoid activity in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, chief military liaison at Aegis, made this statement:  
  
“Our new Eagle Eye initiative will closely monitor systems where Thargoid surface sites are known to exist.”  
  
“We have established orbital surveillance installations at six locations in the Pleiades, which will measure energy-level fluctuations and track ship movements. Each installation is attended by a comms beacon that will collect the data before transmitting it to us for analysis.”  
  
Aegis has confirmed that Eagle Eye installations have been placed in the following systems:  
  
HIP 17225  
  
HIP 17692  
  
HIP 17892  
  
HR 1185  
  
Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55  
  
Pleiades Sector KC-V c2-4  
  
Professor Alba Tesreau commented:  
  
“My hope is that this initiative will greatly increase our knowledge of the Thargoids. Observing their ‘natural’ activities, outside of combat zones, should further our understanding of their behaviour.”  
  
# Pirate History of Taja Gavaris Unveiled  
  
3305-03-23  
  
Taja Gavaris, the new CFO of Rackham Capital Investments, has been accused of having a criminal background as a pirate leader.  
  
Journalist Bryanna Blanco made this declaration in The Federal Times:  
  
"During my reporting on multi-billionaire Zachary Rackham, I have become convinced that he and many others employed by Rackham Capital Investments were once pirates, who laundered their stolen money and moved into legitimate business."  
  
"New research has proved that Taja Gavaris was once a criminal rival of Rackham. I believe that Gavaris used her knowledge of Rackham's past to blackmail her way into his organisation, and is now challenging for ownership by eliminating his loyal supporters."  
  
"The Federal Times has published many similar revelations about 'Calico Zack' over the years, yet no criminal investigation has been established. Perhaps this time the authorities will investigate before Gavaris's vendetta escalates further, potentially endangering civilian lives."  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# President Orders Attack on Nijotec  
  
3301-02-20   
  
In a shock announcement issued this morning, President Halsey has ordered an all out assault on the Nijotec region.  
  
In her address to the Federation, President Halsey had this to say on the matter:  
  
“For too long the Nijotec Syndicate have been preying on the weak, innocent and infirm. I stand before you today to tell you that the Federation will not stand idly by while a supposedly legitimate independent nation abuses its own people. These openly criminal states are nothing more than self-serving parasites that have no place in greater galactic society. Let the liberations of Nijotec, Banki and BD+03 2338 serve as warnings to any tin-pot dictators who think they can send their own little slices of civilisation back to the dark ages.”  
  
Nijotec is a small system that acts as a permanent home to just 21,500 people. In the past it was well known for its rich mineral deposits, although the system has since been strip-mined to the point where the local refineries are currently exporting very little produce. The recession in the region and the subsequent abandonment of the sector’s two outposts by the Lycan Moon Mining Corporation provided fertile ground in which the criminal group known as the Nijotec Syndicate were able to flourish and grow.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Taking the Fight Home  
  
3301-02-20   
  
Following the Federation's success in routing the rebel forces from Banki and BD+03 2338, Admiral Vincent has declared his intention to follow the invaders of BD+03 2338 back to their own homes.  
  
"I think the message is clear," Admiral Vincent declared at press conference earlier today. "We will not allow terrorists to break our laws or brainwash our people. The Polahukuna Raiders, and those like them, need to learn that their actions have consequences. The Federation will not sit idly by and let the infections of chaos and anarchy spread and fester.  
  
The Admiral went on to say that he would reveal plans as to the nature of the Federation's foray into Polahukuna shortly.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Focus on Democracy  
  
3302-02-18   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,545 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Unktock Free  
  
Yab Yum Purple Allied Industry  
  
BD+75 58 Regulatory State  
  
People's HIP 47328 Progressive Party  
  
Dukes of HIP 7018  
  
Yab Yum Inc  
  
BD+24 1451 Major Corporation  
  
Partnership of Menes  
  
LTT 17102 Industries  
  
Wongkho Jet Electronics Industry  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-03-29   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored in Lidpar  
  
3303-03-30   
  
The Union of Lidpar Green Party has announced that its campaign to clear the Lidpar system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system. The Union of Lidpar Green Party also stated that its appeal for Battle Weapons, Reactive Armour and Advanced Medicines had reached a successful conclusion.  
  
Authorities in the Lidpar system have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Carlisle Station in the Lidpar system.  
  
# Fresh Knowledge From New Guardian Sites  
  
3304-03-10   
  
Following the recent discovery of new Guardian sites, the engineer Ram Tah is seeking help from the galactic community to learn more about the long-lost civilisation.  
  
Further details were outlined in his latest announcement:  
  
“I have developed a decryption algorithm that will translate the codices at Guardian sites. However, pilots are reminded that accessing Guardian data is only possible when in possession of one of their artefacts.”  
  
Pilots can obtain Ram Tah’s decryption algorithm from any station in the Meene system other than Felice Dock. The artefacts alluded to by Ram Tah can be found at Guardian sites. Commanders are warned to be on alert, as the sites may be defended by Guardian drones.  
  
Ram Tah also stated: “I will be more than pleased to reimburse any pilot who successfully returns to the Meene system with a complete series of Guardian logs. There is so much more for us to discover about the Guardians and their history, and this could be a significant turning point in our understanding.”  
  
# Survivor Found at Far God Outpost  
  
3305-03-23  
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has discovered an intact cryogenic pod underneath an outpost once used by Far God worshippers.  
  
Freelance reporter Alexei Keel broke the news on Vox Galactica:  
  
“The FIA survey team had been scanning the abandoned base on Etain 4 c with customised military sensors. It’s thought this operation is part of a search for a missing undercover agent who infiltrated the Far God cult.”  
  
“A faint power source was detected in a collapsed underground chamber, which led agents to a solitary cryogenic pod hidden beneath tons of debris. Once excavated, it was conveyed to a medical facility where efforts to safely revive its occupant are now underway.”  
  
“There was no way of identifying who is inside the pod. But it seems likely that they are one of the adherents who recorded audio logs at the site, prior to entering suspended animation to await the Far God.”  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
# Vesperian Auction Today Only  
  
3301-02-21   
  
The galaxy is abuzz with excitement following the news that an anonymous donor has contributed a case of highly valuable and extremely rare Vesperian Nectar to the charity SpecialEffect, an organisation dedicated to leveraging technology in order to enhance the quality of life for people with physical disabilities .  
  
Vesperian Nectar is produced from the nectar of Vesperian Orchid flowers, a plant that only grows on the planet Slough in Vesper-M4. The exceptional sweetness of this honey has baffled scientists and foodologists for centuries, as the atmosphere on Slough itself is both toxic and highly acidic. The honey is made by the Vesperian “Orchid Bee”, an insect well known for its deadly sting. Vesperian beekeeping is a risky business, with numerous deaths occurring amongst keepers each year.  
  
Commander Angel Rose will be holding private auctions on behalf of SpecialEffects throughout the day.  
  
# Community Goal: Free the Slaves  
  
3302-02-18   
  
Princess Aisling Duval has announced the creation of new a colony for former slaves in the Uibuth system. According to a statement from the princess' press liaison, all slaves admitted to the colony will be liberated and re-educated, and offered the protection of forces loyal to Her Royal Highness.  
  
A spokesperson for the Prismatic Imperium, which is overseeing the initiative, revealed more about the historic campaign:  
  
"This morning our most noble lady Princess Aisling Duval returned from Achenar to Cubeo III. Upon arrival she immediately requested a private meeting with the leadership of the Prismatic Imperium. During the meeting, the princess emphasised her enduring wish to bring an end to slavery within the empire.  
  
"To this end, Princess Duval instructed Lord Corwin Ryan Head of the Prismatic Imperium and Count Vickershaft of the Navigators Guild to make preparations for the founding of a new colony, where freed slaves could live in comfort and safety. With the support of independent factions at D'Arrest Station in the Uibuth system, the colony was duly established.  
  
The spokesperson went on to outline how the galactic community could support the new colony:  
  
"At the behest of the Princess, the Prismatic Imperium is asking pilots to transport slaves of all types to the new colony, where they will be emancipated and re-educated. Significant rewards have been promised to pilots who contribute to the initiative.  
  
The initiative begins on the 18th of February 3302 and is expected to run for one week.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: The Search for Survivors  
  
3302-02-18   
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson has confirmed that the remains of Starship One were among the wreckage recently delivered to Leoniceno Orbital. The search for the missing presidential vessel began two weeks ago, resulting in the accumulation of thousands of tonnes of wreckage, which was then subjected to rigorous analysis by Federal scientists. The analysis confirmed that the remains of Starship One had been located, prompting President Hudson to release a statement to the media:  
  
"The loss of Starship One remains a tragedy, but I must admit to feeling a sense of relief at finally knowing what happened to the presidential ship.  
  
President Hudson followed his statement with a surprising announcement:  
  
"Our researchers have surmised that the destruction of Starship One was not instantaneous, and that the front of the ship may have suffered less damage than the rest of the vessel. This means there is a very small chance – and I must stress that this is remote – that some of the crew might have been able to reach escape pods. That's why I'm calling on the galactic community to support a second search – a search for survivors.  
  
"Pilots who want to contribute to the search should concentrate their efforts in the Lyncis Sector, and in particular on the ON-T B3-1, ON-T B3-2, ON-T B3-3, ON-T B3-4 and ST-R B4-3 1 systems, where we believe further wreckage from the ship may be found.  
  
The search is expected to begin immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Halsey Requests Relief  
  
3303-03-30   
  
Former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has appealed for relief for the refugees currently at Dirichlet Orbital.  
  
In a statement, Halsey said:  
  
"Dirichlet Orbital has already become a haven for those fleeing the ongoing conflict between the Empire and the Federation. But if we are to provide these people with ongoing care, we will need the help of the galactic community. Fortunately, the Yum Kamcabi Purple Life Industry has volunteered to support a relief operation.  
  
The Yum Kamcabi Purple Life Industry has pledged to reward pilots who deliver Natural Fabrics, Food Cartridges, and Basic Medicines to Dirichlet Orbital in the Yum Kamcabi system. Meanwhile, the Revolutionary Patani Labour has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in Yum Kamcabi, to counter the threat to trade routes.  
  
The campaign begins on the 30th of March 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Fresh Knowledge From New Guardian Sites  
  
3304-03-11   
  
Following the recent discovery of new Guardian sites, the engineer Ram Tah is seeking help from the galactic community to learn more about the long-lost civilisation.  
  
Further details were outlined in his latest announcement:  
  
“I have developed a decryption algorithm that will translate the codices at Guardian sites. However, pilots are reminded that accessing Guardian data is only possible when in possession of one of their artefacts.”  
  
Pilots can obtain Ram Tah’s decryption algorithm from any station in the Meene system other than Felice Dock. The artefacts alluded to by Ram Tah can be found at Guardian sites. Commanders are warned to be on alert, as the sites may be defended by Guardian drones.  
  
Ram Tah also stated: “I will be more than pleased to reimburse any pilot who successfully returns to the Meene system with a complete series of Guardian logs. There is so much more for us to discover about the Guardians and their history, and this could be a significant turning point in our understanding.”  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-03-13   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Neumann Camp, Shinrarta Dezhra  
  
So-yeon Hub, Coma  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3305-03-24  
  
Here are this week’s main stories.  
  
Archambault Terminal remains under the control of the Children of Tothos. Negotiation with the cult’s leader, Barnabas Cole, has proven ineffective so far. Despite evidence suggesting that the deity Tothos was created by Cole, several civilian ships have travelled to the Chun Tstar system seeking to join the cult.  
  
Taja Gavaris, the new CFO of Rackham Capital Investments, was accused of concealing a criminal background. It is believed that Gavaris is preparing to challenge CEO Zachary Rackham for leadership of the company, continuing a rivalry dating back years to when the two allegedly operated as pirates.  
  
In other news, an intact cryogenic pod has been recovered from an abandoned outpost once used by Far God worshippers. It is unknown who occupies the pod, but early indications suggest it is one of the adherents who recorded audio logs previously discovered at the site.  
  
Finally, Explorer’s Anchorage has officially opened in the Galactic Centre region. The Orbis starport has been built in the Stuemeae FG-Y d7561 system as part of the Distant Worlds II expedition.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Crackdown in Cemiess  
  
3301-02-21   
  
There’s trouble brewing in Cemiess, caused in no small part by the recent influx of emancipated Imperial Slaves who now call the area their home.   
  
The number of petty thefts and burglaries being reported on Emerald has risen by over 300% compared with the same period in 3300, resulting in local social sites being flooded with complaints from long term residents who claim they fear for their families’ safety.  
  
In response to the unrest, Commissioner Chamberlain of Emerald Security issued the following statement:  
  
“While we appreciate the situation may feel like it’s spiralling out of control, we do advise all citizens to remain calm. Crime is up, but no more than what we might expect to see after any large group suddenly moved into the area. We understand residents are concerned about their security and as such a curfew is being put into effect. However, we would like to stress that this is purely a temporary measure until such time as our newest residents have integrated more fully with the local community.”  
  
# Lugh Makes a Bold Step Towards Independence  
  
3301-02-22   
  
The Alioth system has been at the centre of controversy today after the arrival of Éamonn Uí Laoghire, the leading spokesperson in the current bid for independence of the Lugh system.   
  
While at the time of this report Ambassador Uí Laoghire has not yet been granted an audience with Alliance state officials, he did address the huge throngs of supporters who came out to greet him on the steps of the state residence.  
  
"Since its earliest inception the Lugh system was settled by a sovereign people of one lineage and one religion who have made it their spiritual home. Popular support for The Crimson State Group in the last polls was at 87%. The only thing standing in the way of the will of the people is the Federal Navy! I have come here today to request that the Alliance of Independent Systems recognise the legitimacy of a free and democratic Lugh.  
  
# Galactic News: Okinura Appeal Successful  
  
3302-02-18   
  
The Earth Defence Fleet has announced that its initiative to develop the economy of the Okinura system has been a resounding success. The organisation devised a two-pronged strategy in support of its goal – placing an open order for polymers with which to upgrade Fisher Terminal, and setting aside privateer bonds for combat pilots who help to eliminate agitators operating in Okinura. It seems that both operations were enthusiastically received by the galactic community.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Shadow President Felicia Winters released a statement to the media:  
  
"I wish to extend my gratitude to the men and women of the Earth Defence Fleet, and to the many independent pilots who supported this initiative. Let this achievement herald the beginning of a new era of prosperity for the people of Okinura.  
  
The process of upgrading Fisher Terminal is expected to begin soon.  
  
# Freelance Report: CIMA Launches Initiative  
  
3302-02-22   
  
Benjamin Gorrister, founder of the Carmack Intergalactic Mining Association, has announced an initiative to discover the location of pristine metallic rings. With nearly 300 locations identified so far, the CIMA is currently leading the way in data collection on pristine metallic rings. In a statement, Gorrister said:  
  
"In memory of George Washington Carmack, who triggered the greatest gold rush in human history, we are offering rewards to all Commanders who provide us with the location of new pristine metallic rings. Each new discovery will be rewarded with 100,000 credits. We will give an additional 30 million credits to the pilot contributing the most information, 20 million credits to the second-place contributor, and 10 million credits to the third-place contributor. May the best prospector win!  
  
The event will run for 42 days, starting on the 21st of February 3302.  
  
Karen Keish  
  
Theta Wave News  
  
# Freelance Report: Imperial Commanders Support Salomé  
  
3303-04-01   
  
Reports have been received from Imperial space that many Imperial pilots are defying the standing kill-on-sight order on Commander Salomé. The pilots pledging to support the disgraced senator are offering escort services and fuel, and have even promised to reward other Commanders willing to help.  
  
"The issue is that we are not in possession of the facts," said Commander Jayridium, who is offering up to 50 times the listed bounty to anyone who can arrange a meeting with Salomé. "I am joining the effort to protect her. The truth must be heard!  
  
Commander Jayridium joins several others in an effort to help Salome – an effort that could make them outcasts.  
  
Peter Brady  
  
# Coalition of Othime Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-03-15   
  
The Coalition of Othime has announced that its campaign to build a new asteroid base has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the appeal by delivering commodities to Levi Montalcini Dock and by eliminating agitators in Othime, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
Authorities in Othime have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Levi-Montalcini Dock in the Othime system.  
  
# The Purge of Socho  
  
3304-03-15   
  
Following reports of Thargoid incursions into the core systems, Aegis Core has launched a counter-Thargoid operation in the Socho region.  
  
A spokesperson for Aegis Core gave the following statement to the media:  
  
“The goal is simple: Take out Thargoid vessels, gather up the pieces, and deliver them to Dantec Enterprise. We don’t know as much about the Scouts as we do the Interceptors, so we want to compare materials from both variants and find out what they are made of.”  
  
Aegis Core has appealed to independent pilots to support the operation by destroying Thargoids in Socho and by delivering Bio-Mechanical Conduits, Propulsion Elements and Weapon Parts to Dantec Enterprise. Commanders who participate in the operation will be generously rewarded.  
  
The campaign begins on the 15th of March 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Children of Tothos Begin Sacrifices  
  
3305-03-28  
  
The Children of Tothos are preparing to destroy Archambault Terminal with a stolen nuclear weapon, sacrificing millions of lives in the name of their deity.  
  
Crime correspondent Ethan Takahashi of the Federal Times delivered this report:  
  
“Ritual sacrifices have now begun, according to a chilling broadcast from cult leader Barnabas Cole. He claims these deaths will lead to a final ceremony, when the Lucifer Device will be detonated. Dozens of the starport’s citizens are already feared dead at the hands of cultists.”  
  
“Cole also made this statement: ‘We welcome new followers who heed my testament by sending one of their siblings into Tothos’s light.’”  
  
“Since this message, disturbing reports have been received of newly docked ships killing one of their own crew, so that the rest are granted permission to join the cult.”  
  
“Federal authorities are still unsure how to free Archambault Terminal without risking its annihilation.”  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
# Galactic News: Empire Expands into the Pleiades  
  
3303-03-31   
  
Recent reports indicate that the Empire has expanded into the Pleiades, having established a number of outposts in the HR 1185 system.  
  
Katherine Ryder, a freelance journalist and seasoned war correspondent, commented on the development:  
  
"Things might have been quiet recently, but that doesn't mean the situation with the Empire and the Federation has improved. This is a cold war, after all.  
  
"Regardless of claims to the contrary, this conflict is about one thing: meta-alloys. Both sides want Maia and Merope because of the barnacles they contain, and both sides will keep pushing into those systems.  
  
"Eventually, one of two things will happen: one side will withdraw...or neither side will. In the latter scenario, war seems inevitable.  
  
Politicians on both sides of the divide have urged the superpowers to engage in amicable talks and establish some kind of agreement over the meta-alloys, but such entreaties have so far fallen on deaf ears.  
  
## Meta alloy  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Importance of Insurance  
  
3301-02-22   
  
It’s been said before, but it's worth saying again. Remember to set aside credits for your insurance excess.  
  
Only recently Commander Gui returned home to Sol with his newly purchased Anaconda. Having equipped it with all the essentials he departed... straight in to an incoming Type 9. Without the 4 million credits to cover the excess for his ship, he was left with no choice but to resort to a budget Sidewinder. His loss for that one incident was 80 million credits.  
  
Though many pilots can turn to creditors to cover some of the costs in case of emergency, 200 thousand credits is not enough to cover the cost of a truly premium vessel.   
  
The moral of the story? Always check your rebuy costs in your systems screen before launching. Don't leave the space port without having the excess..  
  
You’ve been warned commanders...  
  
Commander Sheehy of the Reorte Chronicle  
  
# Galactic News: Emancipation Initiative Successful  
  
3302-02-22   
  
The Prismatic Imperium has announced that its initiative to free indentured slaves has been met with an enormously positive response. Hundreds of independent pilots responded to the appeal, delivering slaves to the new colony at D'Arrest Station in the Uibuth system. All of those admitted to the colony will be officially emancipated, re-educated, and offered the protection of forces loyal to Princess Aisling Duval.  
  
Her Royal Highness, who spearheaded the initiative, released a statement to the media:  
  
"I am delighted with the response to this appeal, which has resulted in the liberation of hundreds of slaves. I would like to extend my sincerest gratitude to the Prismatic Imperium and the Navigators Guild, who helped to execute this initiative, and to the many independent pilots who supported us. There is still a long way to go to, but I hope this triumph will pave the way for a brighter future. A future in which the practice of slavery is seen for what it is – a barbaric anachronism.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-04-05   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Non Human Signal Sources in Huveang De  
  
3304-03-16   
  
Local security services in the Huveang De system have announced today that there have been no new sightings of Thargoids over the last 24 hours.   
  
The head of local security forces released the following statement:  
  
“We do not know why the Thargoids appeared in our region of space or why they now appear to have left. We can only speculate as to their motives. However we thank all the brave pilots that came to the system to help defend against this potentially catastrophic threat.”  
  
There is speculation that the Thargoids planned to attack the system and were held back by the influx of combat pilots engaging them, while others claim that the Thargoids might be exploring or looking for resources and have simply moved on.  
  
While no one has reported any further sighting in nearby systems, security forces in the region remain on high alert.  
  
# Second Fatality in Rackham Conflict  
  
3305-03-29  
  
The head of personnel at Rackham Capital Investments has died in an accident, becoming the second senior-level employee to have died in recent weeks.  
  
Journalist Bryanna Blanco commented in The Federal Times:  
  
“Senior executive Derrin O’Shea was killed when his personal limousine malfunctioned and crashed. The incident has not been ruled as suspicious. O’Shea’s position was filled within hours by a supporter of Taja Gavaris, however. Gavaris herself inherited the CFO role in a similar fashion following her predecessor’s recent death.”  
  
“With two close allies gone, CEO Zachary Rackham must feel under threat. This corporate power struggle increasingly resembles two pirate captains fighting to become overall leader.”  
  
“The authorities have again declined to begin a formal investigations into Gavaris and Rackham, claiming a lack of evidence. How many more casualties must occur before this conflict is taken seriously?”  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# Lambda Andromedae: Bringing Data Home  
  
3301-02-23   
  
Inspired by Universal Cartographics recent push to expand humanities borders, the Sirius Corporation has today announced its plan to launch a number of new colonial outposts to the very edges of occupied space.  
  
Ana Quin, Sirius' Junior Vice President of Interstellar Logistics, had this to say about the announcement:   
  
"We're very excited to move forward with this project. It's been a long time coming, but finally the board have agreed it's time to get the ball rolling. We've got the tech and the volunteers, all we need now is to know where to send them.  
  
Sirius is currently offering sizeable monetary rewards for explorers who bring usable exploration data containing potential candidate sites to their offices aboard Nourse Orbital in Lambda Andromedae.  
  
# Building a New Ship - BD+03 2338  
  
3301-02-23   
  
Despite Admiral Vincent's strong words during yesterday's press conference, President Halsey has refused the Admiral's request to send additional forces for the attack on Polahukuna.  
  
In response, the Federal Navy, in conjunction with Core Dynamics, has declared their intention to commission the creation of a new capitol ship. The new ship will be built in the recently recaptured shipyards of BD+03 2338, and the Admiral's personal contingent will remain in the locale in order to protect the construction of the new vessel.  
  
# Galactic News: Denton Patreus Receives Promotion  
  
3302-02-22   
  
Benjamin Gorrister, founder of the Carmack Intergalactic Mining Association, has announced an initiative to discover the location of pristine metallic rings. With nearly 300 locations identified so far, the CIMA is currently leading the way in data collection on pristine metallic rings. In a statement, Gorrister said:  
  
"In memory of George Washington Carmack, who triggered the greatest gold rush in human history, we are offering rewards to all Commanders who provide us with the location of new pristine metallic rings. Each new discovery will be rewarded with 100,000 credits. We will give an additional 30 million credits to the pilot contributing the most information, 20 million credits to the second-place contributor, and 10 million credits to the third-place contributor. May the best prospector win!  
  
The event will run for 42 days, starting on the 21st of February 3302.  
  
Karen Keish  
  
Theta Wave News  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-02-23   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 760 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Freedom Party of Banisas  
  
Partnership of Ross 5  
  
Kamchairra Society  
  
Bureau of Yeng Front  
  
Blue Travel Interstellar  
  
Croman Dynamic Incorporated  
  
29 Arietis Future  
  
Allied Kui Xenab Regulatory State  
  
LFT 214 People's Co-operative  
  
Tata Limited  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 750 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Hez Pef Jet Transport Company  
  
Segontiaci Imperial Society  
  
Liberals of Jumukulayon   
  
Revolutionary Nysa Future  
  
Wolf 412 Labour  
  
Anum Empire Assembly  
  
Picaurukan Life Industries  
  
MCC 868 Netcoms Services  
  
Tun Dynamic Corp.  
  
Gommat Defence Party  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-04-05   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bolotov Gateway, Arakwibut  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Eckford Prospect, Naitis  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Grego Reach, Pentin  
  
Hermite Dock, Fan Cechehe  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
Schilling Dock, Huaich  
  
Schwann Hub, Wikanawal  
  
Yeliseyev Beacon, Nican  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Saberhagen Ring, Devata Baru  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Ford Dock, Naitis  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
# Galactic News: Fourth Colonia Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-04-06   
  
The fourth Colonia Council migration appeal has come to an end. Hundreds of organisations took part in the campaign, delivering huge quantities of material to Jaques Station in the hope of earning a place in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
As the appeal drew to a close, a spokesperson for the Colonia Council released a statement:  
  
"This has been yet another great success for the Colonia community, and we would once again like to express our gratitude to all those who contributed. Once we have confirmed how much material has been delivered, we will contact the organisations that made the largest contribution, and start work on their new outposts.  
  
# Thargoid Surveillance Continues  
  
3304-03-16   
  
According to Aegis, their operation to monitor Thargoid activity in the Pleiades Nebula has already begun to show results.   
  
Aegis released the following statement on behalf of Admiral Aden Tanner, their chief military liaison:  
  
“The new Eagle Eye installations are a success, they have identified fluctuations in Thargoid transmissions from a number of planet side structures. With the invaluable help of the members of the Pilots Federation we have identified that the new signals are pointing to locations in human space. We believe these to be identifying the location of potential Thargoid attacks and if this is proved to be the case it will be a huge break through and a validation of our work here.  
  
We continue to monitor the Thargoid activity using the Eagle Eye installations in the Pleiades and have confirmed reports that the Eagle Eye installations have detected new signals. We urge all available pilots to investigate these changes to see if we can thwart the Thargoids.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Non Human Signal Sources in Huveang De  
  
3304-03-17   
  
Local security services in the Huveang De system have announced today that there have been no new sightings of Thargoids over the last 24 hours.   
  
The head of local security forces released the following statement:  
  
“We do not know why the Thargoids appeared in our region of space or why they now appear to have left. We can only speculate as to their motives. However we thank all the brave pilots that came to the system to help defend against this potentially catastrophic threat.”  
  
There is speculation that the Thargoids planned to attack the system and were held back by the influx of combat pilots engaging them, while others claim that the Thargoids might be exploring or looking for resources and have simply moved on.  
  
While no one has reported any further sighting in nearby systems, security forces in the region remain on high alert.  
  
# Far God Survivor Revived  
  
3305-03-30  
  
The occupant of a cryogenic pod recovered from an abandoned outpost used by the Far God sect has been revived successfully.  
  
17 year old Kiona O’Connor has been confirmed as the occupant. Following medical checks and an extended debriefing by the Federal Intelligence Agency, she made this statement to Vox Galactica:  
  
“I’d been homeless for a long time when the monks took me in. I never understood much about the Far God, really…I just needed to get off the streets. A lot of people there were like me.”  
  
“Somehow I ended up at the outpost, where they put us all into suspended animation. I’ve no idea what happened after that. I’m just grateful to be alive. I hope the others are too…I hope they got whatever they were praying for.”  
  
The FIA has contacted Kiona’s father, John O’Connor, and arranged for her to be escorted to her family home.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
# Rackham Under Investigation  
  
3305-04-04  
  
The Federal Times has been asked to assist with a criminal investigation into Rackham Capital Investments.   
  
Journalist Bryanna Blanco reported on the details:   
  
“Operatives from the Federal Intelligence Agency have contacted our offices regarding the recent deaths at Zachary Rackham’s company. We are cooperating with their inquiry and have agreed to share all relevant documentation.”  
  
 “The Federal Times has been monitoring the suspicious activities of ‘Calico Zack’ for years, so we’re relieved that the authorities are at last taking these allegations seriously. Our discoveries about Taja Gavaris – who seems to be clearing the path up the corporate ladder by any means necessary – are of particular concern.”   
  
“We expect Rackham, Gavaris and many other ex-pirates masquerading as businessmen to answer all charges brought against them.”  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
# Lucan Onionhead Lives On in Tanmark  
  
3301-02-24   
  
The Defence Force of Tanmark, in association with the Farmers Union of Kappa Fornacis, is pleased to announce the success of their initiative to increase the local production of Lucan Onionhead.  
  
Over the last week hundreds of independently minded contractors delivered over 500,000 tons of land enrichment systems to Cassie-L-Peia. Specialist farmers from Kappa Fornacis were then able to stimulate the mass growth of Lucan Onionhead clones.   
  
When asked for comment, President Halsey’s office reiterated that Lucan Onionhead is illegal within all Federal jurisdictions and that anyone caught transporting, cultivating or otherwise selling the drug would be subject to prosecution.  
  
# Duval Distributes Doctors in Furbaide  
  
3301-02-24   
  
Aisling Duval made her presence felt in Furbaide today, as she arrived at Effinger Port to offer assistance to overworked medical staff currently caught in the struggle against the virulent and deadly Volungu Blight. Along with her usual entourage, the Diva Duval bought dozens of Imperially trained doctors and nurses, all of whom will be offering their services for free to anyone afflicted by the Blight.  
  
It is hoped that the biomedical expertise provided by the Imperial doctors will shed some light on the genetic makeup of the disease, whose aggressive transmission and resistance to known drug therapies has local medical staff completely stumped.  
  
The death toll for the disease is now reaching into the thousands, and with no cure in sight the situation can be expected to get worse before it gets better.  
  
# Assassination Attempt as Lugh Rallies in Alioth Grow  
  
3301-02-25   
  
Alioth played host to scenes of chaos today when Éamonn Uí Laoghire addressed the crowds after his second attempt to gain an audience with Alliance representatives failed. While engaging with the huge numbers that had gathered to hear him speak, Éamonn was targeted by a single shot that was fired from a nearby building.  
  
The shot missed the ambassador, but killed a member of the crowd. The ambassador was rushed to safety as the crowd began to flee the scene in terror, causing enough chaos for the assailant to escape undetected.   
  
Uí Laoghire later returned to the steps outside the central council building to deliver his most defiant speech yet.  
  
"We declare the right of the people of Lugh to the ownership of Lugh. The long usurpation of that right by a foreign people and government has not extinguished that right, nor can it ever be extinguished, no matter how many murderers the Federation sends to try and silence us.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Miraculous Rescue  
  
3302-02-23   
  
In a system near the NGC 1333 nebula, over 1,000 light years from the nearest starport, a pilot by the name of Commander Santander has reported discovering two occupied escape pods. The Commander was surveying a previously uncharted system and cruising near the surface of a rocky-ice body when the readings were detected. The crash site could be clearly seen from high altitude, so Santander went to investigate in his SRV. Fortunately, his Asp Explorer was equipped with a cargo rack.   
  
In a transmission, the Commander said: "I don't know how long they've been on this rock, or if the pods are working. I can't do much for them here – my ship is fitted for exploration, not search and rescue. I'll get them to port and let someone else open them up.  
  
Commander Cryptomancer  
  
# Galactic News: Remarkable Response to Federal Campaign  
  
3302-02-23   
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson has announced that the search for survivors from Starship One has been met with an overwhelmingly positive response. Mere hours after the campaign began, thousands of escape pods had been delivered to Leoniceno Orbital, many of them containing living survivors. In the wake of the initiative's success, President Hudson released a statement to the media:  
  
"I have been overwhelmed by the response to this campaign, which has resulted in the rescue of thousands of individuals, and I am delighted to confirm that some of the recovered pods are indeed from Starship One. We are not yet in a position to release the identities of those we have rescued, but we hope to be able to do so soon. In the meantime I would once again like to extend my gratitude to those who contributed to the search.  
  
The recovery of so many escape pods will almost certainly prompt speculation that former Federal president Jasmina Halsey may be among the survivors.  
  
# Community Goal: Gandii in Chaos  
  
3303-04-06   
  
Recent reports from the Gandii system indicate that conflict has erupted between the Hand Gang of Gandii, an organisation closely allied with self-styled 'pirate king' Archon Delaine, and the Gandii Justice Party.  
  
This is not the first time the Gandii Justice Party has traded blows with the Hand Gang of Gandii, although the scale of the conflict dwarfs that of previous skirmishes.  
  
Security forces in Gandii released the following statement:  
  
"Our operatives have confirmed that both factions are offering privateer bonds to combat pilots who support their cause. But naturally we do not condone any course of action that could escalate, or perpetuate, this conflict.  
  
Both the Hand Gang of Gandii and the Gandii Justice Party have set out week-long operations to overcome their rivals, which will begin on the 6th of April 3303.  
  
# Community Goal: The Colonia Expansion  
  
3303-04-06   
  
The Colonia Council has launched its fifth migration appeal, giving the galaxy's minor factions an opportunity to establish a permanent presence in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
A spokesperson for the council explained the nature of the initiative:  
  
"Once again we are asking pilots to deliver a specific commodity to Jaques Station on behalf of their chosen organisation, in order to earn a migration visa.  
  
"At the end of the campaign, the ten factions that have made the largest contribution will earn the right to settle in one of the systems we have targeted for colonisation. A new planetary outpost will be constructed in the system for each organisation's sole use.  
  
The campaign begins on the 6th of April 3303 and will run for four weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Thargoid Surveillance Continues  
  
3304-03-17   
  
According to Aegis, their operation to monitor Thargoid activity in the Pleiades Nebula has already begun to show results.   
  
Aegis released the following statement on behalf of Admiral Aden Tanner, their chief military liaison:  
  
“The new Eagle Eye installations are a success, they have identified fluctuations in Thargoid transmissions from a number of planet side structures. With the invaluable help of the members of the Pilots Federation we have identified that the new signals are pointing to locations in human space. We believe these to be identifying the location of potential Thargoid attacks and if this is proved to be the case it will be a huge break through and a validation of our work here.  
  
We continue to monitor the Thargoid activity using the Eagle Eye installations in the Pleiades and have confirmed reports that the Eagle Eye installations have detected new signals. We urge all available pilots to investigate these changes to see if we can thwart the Thargoids.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-03-20   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Elion Platform, Kamahu  
  
Corte-Real Terminal, 19 Phi-2 Ceti  
  
Kurland Hub, Belarsuk  
  
Paulmier de Gonneville Escape, Col 285 Sector MJ-G c11-25  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
# Starport Saved from Destruction  
  
3305-04-04  
  
The Children of Tothos cult has been prevented from detonating a nuclear weapon intended to destroy Archambault Terminal.  
  
Crime correspondent for the Federal Times, Ethan Takahashi, delivered this special report:  
  
“Terror struck the starport when cult leader Barnabas Cole announced the final ceremony to summon their deity, Tothos, by sacrificing millions of people.”  
  
“As Cole prepared to activate the Lucifer Device he was shot dead by one of his followers, who subsequently revealed herself as Senior Agent Rochelle Karim. Other Federal Intelligence Agency operatives moved to arrest Cole’s acolytes and secure the control deck.”  
  
“We’ve since learned that Karim’s unit was posing as Tothos worshippers eager to join the cult. They had staged the death of a team member to receive access to the starport.”  
  
“The Lucifer Device has now been disarmed and secured, while station services are returning to normal.”  
  
## Rochelle Karim  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
# Metal Madness Strikes in LAWD 26  
  
3301-02-25   
  
The secret is out! There’s a metal rush happening in LAWD 26, with thousands of entrepreneurs heading to the region in the hope of making their fortune before one of the big three mining corporations can establish a presence in the system.  
  
News first broke about the newly discovered pristine mining site early last week, when a large quantity of raw gold was found aboard a Sidewinder that had been abandoned at Crook's Hub Starport in Toolfa. It turned out that the Sidewinder belonged to a Commander Hank Stone (deceased), a well known prospector who had struck it rich when he discovered the previously untapped source of metals.  
  
Doubtless it won’t be long before the corporations move in to strip mine the area, but until they do there are some serious credits to be made in LAWD 26 by anyone willing to work hard and get their hands dirty!  
  
# Freelance Report: Barnacles Continue to Occupy the Canonn  
  
3302-02-23   
  
Verity Gavroche, public correspondent for the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, has been speaking to Dr Arcanonn about his teams' ongoing research:  
  
"I realise the public might think our research has stopped because the barnacles and the Unknown Artefacts have not been in the news, but I can assure you that we are still hard at work. Many Commanders have undertaken expeditions to distant nebulae in the hope of uncovering more barnacles. We've also been working hard to map all the barnacle sites in the Pleiades. In fact, a new site was recently discovered on Pleiades Sector IH-V C2-16 C4.  
  
"We are also trying to understand why the barnacles appear in the Pleiades. Are the raw materials in the nebulae important for their growth? Perhaps the ancient cloud the Pleiades is moving through has long held the 'seeds' for Barnacle growth, and they've only now taken root? We don't know, but we will continue our research.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Galactic News: Halsey's Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-04-06   
  
Former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has announced that her campaign to provide relief for those at Dirichlet Orbital has been a resounding success. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by eliminating agitators in Yum Kamcabi and delivering supplies to the starport.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Jasmina Halsey released a statement:  
  
"This was a huge humanitarian effort on behalf of thousands of refugees caught in the crossfire of war. I cannot thank the contributing pilots enough. I know they have the gratitude of every man, woman and child at Dirichlet Orbital.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Dirichlet Orbital in the Yum Kamcabi system.  
  
# Galactic News: Alien Tsar Makes Statement  
  
3303-04-07   
  
It has now been several months since the galaxy's superpowers commented on the mysterious spacecraft seen throughout human-inhabited space.  
  
Some members of the galactic community have publicly wondered why the galaxy's political leaders are keeping silent, but political commentators have been quick to point out that in the absence of concrete information, it is perhaps prudent of the galaxy's leaders to refrain from commentary.  
  
But it seems that, behind closed doors, the superpowers are taking the issue very seriously.  
  
A spokesperson for the Federal Navy has announced that Admiral Aden Tanner, a seasoned military leader with over four decades of experience, has been appointed to the newly created role of Chief of Federal Security. Although the Federation has not elaborated on Admiral Tanner's precise remit, an inaugural statement from the admiral suggests he has been ordered to investigate the mysterious ships, prompting media outlets to nickname him 'the alien tsar'.  
  
In his statement, Admiral Tanner said:  
  
"Having reviewed all available information, we can confirm these craft are active primarily within the Pleiades Nebula and the space in and around the Maia and Merope systems. The significance of these locations – if any – has not yet been determined. We can also confirm, despite rumours to the contrary, that carrying an Unknown Artefact does not attract the attention of these vessels.  
  
"A number of independent pilots claim to have seen evidence that the mysterious ships have attacked human vessels, but no empirical verification has been recovered. Nevertheless, I would urge the galactic community to treat these strange ships with extreme caution.  
  
Admiral Tanner declined to answer questions from media representatives, saying only, "When we know more, you'll know more".  
  
## Thargoid  
  
## Federation  
  
# Thargoid Revelations  
  
3304-03-22   
  
Aegis has published a report containing significant insights into the Thargoids. The information was provided by the engineer Ram Tah, compiled from recently decrypted logs found at Guardian sites.  
  
Key extracts from the report are reprinted below:  
  
“The codices indicate that the Thargoids may be an older race than the Guardians, and that the two species share a history of conflict. This hostility was a product of the Thargoids’ belief that they had a pre-existing claim to the regions of space occupied by the Guardians.”  
  
“The Guardians attempted to communicate with the Thargoids, but these efforts ended in failure. They determined that the Thargoids’ survival instincts were so strong that they could not tolerate any potential threat, including the proximity of another space-faring civilisation.”  
  
“It is now clear that the Guardians’ defensive drones and advanced weaponry were developed principally to protect their worlds from the Thargoids. Although details are scant, it seems these war machines eventually succeeded in repelling the Thargoids.”  
  
Professor Alba Tesreau, head of research at Aegis, publicly commented on the report:   
  
“Thanks to Ram Tah and the brave pilots who explored Guardian sites, some of our questions about the Thargoids have been answered. It is clear that our current situation echoes that of the Guardians. Our space, like theirs, was seeded with barnacles thousands of years ago, and now the Thargoids have arrived to reap the biomechanical harvest.”  
  
“We now know that the purpose of the Thargoids’ ongoing military offensive is to remove humanity from what they consider their territory. If the Thargoids adopt the same modus operandi as with the Guardians, their next move will be to start aggressively mining mineral resources. There is no evidence this has yet begun, however.”  
  
Ram Tah has also made a statement about the impact of the findings:  
  
“Until now, the Thargoids have been shrouded in mystery, and their objectives have been unclear. For the first time, we have an insight into what drives them, why they are attacking us, and what their overall goals are. This is a historically significant discovery that I believe will make a huge difference to this conflict, and perhaps to humanity’s survival.”  
  
# Aisling Duval Contacts Hadrian Duval  
  
3305-04-05  
  
Princess Aisling Duval has revealed that she recently visited Imperator Hadrian Augustus Duval, leader of the isolationist group Nova Imperium.  
  
The Imperial Herald published her statement:  
  
“For some time, I have regretted my initial dismissal of Hadrian. Had I known that Arissa intended to carry out such a brutal purge of his followers, my approach would have been different.”  
  
“Although he has been labelled an enemy of the Empire, I found myself unable to ignore this new member of the Duval family, and so requested a meeting in the Paresa system.”  
  
“Another reason to make contact was to verify his claim to be Emperor Hengist's grandson. All the genetic tests were conclusive – Hadrian is indeed my cousin by blood.”  
  
“We have now opened a dialogue to see if there can ever be common ground between us. Perhaps together we can heal divisions within the Empire.”  
  
## Aisling Duval  
  
## Hadrian Augustus Duval  
  
## Nova Imperium  
  
## Imperial Herald  
  
## Arissa Duval  
  
## Paresa  
  
## Emperor Hengist  
  
# Containing the Contagion  
  
3301-02-26   
  
Tensions have been running high aboard Effinger Port this week as doctors, nurses and scientists worked around the clock to find a cure for the Volungu Blight.  
  
A breakthrough finally occurred on Wednesday night after medical staff supplied by Aisling Duval managed to identify the pathogen behind the Blight. Once that was done, doctors were able to develop a course of treatment to fully eradicate all traces of the disease from patients’ bodies.  
  
While the cure comes too late for the thousands of families in Volungu, Furbaide, Liaedin and LHS 3505 that lost loved ones over the last week, the news doubtlessly comes as quite a relief to the hundreds of thousands more who are currently waiting to receive the cure aboard their local stations.  
  
# Core Dynamics Assist Federal Navy in BD+03 2338  
  
3301-02-27   
  
Core Dynamics is pleased to declare the launch of a new stage in their partnership with the Federal Navy. While the exact terms of the agreement must remain secret for reasons of galactic security, GalNet can reveal that the joint cooperation effort will involve the construction of several new Capital Ships, the first of which has just started being built in the newly recaptured shipyards aboard Hudson Dock in BD+03 2338.   
  
Rumours suggest that funding for this project is coming from an unidentified corporate super PAC, who is believed to be the same group that were previously involved in helping Shadow President Hudson gain office.  
  
Pilots interested in helping with the construction of the new vessel should seek out Core Dynamics representatives aboard Hudson Dock to find out what materials the company’s engineers are currently looking to source.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-02-24   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Freelance Report: Emancipation Initiative Inadvertently Stimulates Slave Trade  
  
3302-02-24   
  
Princess Aisling Duval's recent emancipation effort has been criticised following revelations that over seven million slaves were purchased directly from slavers in the systems surrounding Uibuth. These purchases were made by independent traders supporting the princess's liberation programme.  
  
One Commander, who refused to take part in the programme, said: "I can't see how funding slavers is going to stop the slave trade, unless Aisling expects them to retire now they're wealthy.  
  
Commander Dissident Smith  
  
# Galactic News: Message Received from Col 70 Sector  
  
3303-04-08   
  
A weak signal from the Col 70 Sector has been detected by listening posts in both Federal and Imperial space.  
  
The message is incomplete, but it appears to pertain to some kind of rally point. Meanwhile, Federal and Imperial intelligence services have confirmed that thousands of covert and coded messages have recently been transmitted in the vicinity of the Col 70 Sector.  
  
"Something is going out on out there," said an unidentified member of the Imperial intelligence community. "We think it could be...her.  
  
A bounty has been issued for Commanders Salomé, Tsu Annabelle Singh and Raan Corsen, but with all three fugitives still at large, the Empire has increased the bounties to five million for Salomé and two million apiece for Singh and Corsen. An Imperial spokesperson reiterated that pilots should not attempt to communicate with these individuals, and should shoot on sight.  
  
Imperial intelligence services have also placed a bounty on one Commander Yuri Nakamura, referred to as 'Conformist Oboe XX' in an intelligence briefing given to the media. A two-million-credit bounty has been placed on Commander Nakamura.  
  
## premonition  
  
## Empire  
  
# EG Union Campaign  
  
3304-03-22   
  
Yuri Grom has announced an initiative to create a new shipyard in the CPC 20 6743 system. The shipyard will produce capital ships with which to defend human space from both human and alien threats.  
  
The EG Union, acting on behalf of Yuri Grom, has placed an open order for various commodities to build the shipyard, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Lyakhov Dock in the CPC 20 6743 system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that pilots delivering commodities can do so safely.  
  
The spokesperson elaborated on the nature of the campaign:  
  
“Recent events have demonstrated that humanity is not prepared for a possible Thargoid invasion. Building a shipyard for Farragut-class ships is the first step in establishing a defensive perimeter.”  
  
“It is essential that traders do not encounter any difficulty when delivering materials, which is why the EG Pilots – Yuri Grom's elite task force – have been asked to eliminate any agitators. We are also asking independent combat pilots to help us neutralise any threats.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 22nd of March 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Sirius Corp Announces Expansion  
  
3304-03-22   
  
The Sirius Corporation has announced that it will be expanding its presence at two locations just outside the core systems.  
  
  
  
A spokesperson for Sirius made this statement:  
  
“For some time now, the amount of traffic passing through both the Ceos and Sothis systems has been steadily increasing. Naturally, we are keen to ensure that all pilots have access to essential services.”  
  
“To this end, we are in the process of building several new starports and settlements in these systems, as well as several megaships. These will support Ceos and Sothis’s residents and visitors, and provide pilots with the high standard of services that they have come to expect from Sirius Corp.”  
  
# Children of Tothos Disbands  
  
3305-04-11  
  
The Children of Tothos cult has been forcibly disbanded following its recent attempt to destroy Archambault Terminal with a nuclear weapon.  
  
The aftermath of the crisis was described by Ethan Takahashi of the Federal Times:  
  
“There has been widespread gratitude to the Federal Intelligence Agency for saving millions of lives. Senior Agent Rochelle Karim was praised for exploiting Barnabas Cole’s acceptance of new followers, giving her tactical team an opportunity to infiltrate the cult’s ranks.”  
  
“Celebrations have been coloured by the news that hundreds of starport citizens were ritually murdered before the cultists could be apprehended. The FIA has vowed to carry out a review of other fringe religions with a view to preventing similar tragedies.”  
  
“Questions are also being asked about the regulation of nuclear research. It is unknown if the Lucifer Device was unique or if other portable mass-casualty weapons have been secretly developed.”  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
## Children of Tothos  
  
## Ethan Takahashi  
  
### Federal Times  
  
## Senior Agent Rochelle Karim  
  
### Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
* FIA  
  
## Archambault Terminal  
  
## Lucifer Device  
  
# The Fight Against Falisci  
  
3301-02-27   
  
There’s war brewing in the Empire, as despite a stern warning issued in their direction by Senator Denton Patreus, the pirates of Falisci continue to plunder innocent traders as they pass through on the way to ply their wares in Dongzi and Ngaiawang.  
  
Things could soon change however, as reports are coming in that warships belonging to the Citizens of Tradition, a group well known for their support of Senator Patreus, have been spotted amassing on the borders of Falisci.  
  
When pressed for comment, Commander Shole of the Citizens of Tradition had this to say:  
  
“We’ve got our orders. No traders are going under on our watch. If those Falisci scumbags so much as think about crossing this border, they’re going to wish they hadn’t.”  
  
Imperial Commanders willing to join the fight to defend imperial space should seek out the Citizens of Tradition aboard Dornier Terminal in Ngaiawang.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Galactic Trade-Labour Report  
  
3301-02-28   
  
An influx of semi-professional miners from Sol has caused a significant increase in the demand for Mineral Extractors in LAWD 26. In order to meet that demand, the Union of Toofla Progressive Party is currently offering excellent rates for all Mineral Extractors sold to Stone's Legacy. As if that wasn't generous enough, in order to attract new potential trading partners the Union of Toofla Progressive Party are also selling off large amounts of gold at bargain basement prices. Furthermore, the Union of Toofla Progressive Party has guaranteed that they will discount the price of locally sourced gold even further if they manage to secure their place as a major player in the local markets.  
  
***  
  
The Sirius Corporation released a statement today announcing that thanks to the tireless work of hundreds of explorers, 8 new colonisation candidate systems have now been identified. Sirius scientists hope to discover many more potential sites as they continue analysing the petabytes of data they've received over the last week. Explorers interested in helping with the Sirius Corporation's colonisation project only have a few hours left to make their submissions to Universal Cartographics on Nourse Orbital in Lambda Andromedae.   
  
* * *  
  
Despite heavy interference from pirates and imperial mercenaries, Core Dynamics are still looking to source a large supply of copper for use in the construction of the new Federal Capital Ship aboard Hudson Dock in BD+03 2338. It is believed that Core Dynamics have requested additional funding from the Federal Navy in order to hire private security to protect traders bringing copper into the system. At time of publication the funding had not yet been approved.  
  
# Galactic News: Technological Plague Continues to Threaten Starports  
  
3302-02-24   
  
It has been over a month since personnel at Obsidian Orbital reported that meta-alloys had been used to alleviate the starport's ongoing technical issues. Since then, there has been widespread speculation that the meta-alloys might hold the key to eradicating the technological plague that has blighted so many starports in recent months. But the only attempt to verify the theory was brought to an abrupt end with the mysterious disappearance of Professor Ishmael Palin, who had been researching the meta-alloys.  
  
A member of the technical team at Irens Dock in the Manite system, one of the latest starports to experience technical issues, commented on the situation:  
  
"When I heard the news from Obsidian Orbital I expected people to start taking meta-alloys to the other affected starports, but that hasn't happened. Maybe people are being cautious - after all, we don't know for sure that the meta-alloys can help. But if you ask me, it's worth a shot.  
  
The latest data on affected starports follows.  
  
Starports where services have been suspended:  
  
Ackerman Market, Eravate  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gabriel Enterprise, Harma  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis  
  
Weyn Dock, 64 Arietis  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Starports experiencing technical issues:  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Love Ring, Evejitaka  
  
al-Din Prospect, Alpha Centauri  
  
Robigo Mines, Robigo  
  
Saunders's Dive, Wolf 1301  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Coats Hub, Warkushanui  
  
Bond Hub, Varati  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
Tsunenaga Dock, Iapodes  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Ray Gateway, Diaguandri  
  
Vizcaino Enterprise, Nganji  
  
Talos 2, Peregrina  
  
# Galactic News: Focus on Democracy  
  
3302-02-25   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,284 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Chick Bara Empire Party  
  
Leaders of LHS 369  
  
LHS 6427 Universal Partners  
  
Movement for Delkar Revolutionary Party  
  
Chiut Empire League  
  
Monarchy of Berkanan  
  
Social Kokan Coalition  
  
Djabushis Systems  
  
LTT 6714 Company  
  
Untun Services  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored in Gandii  
  
3303-04-13   
  
After a period of intense conflict, the Gandii Justice Party has defeated the forces of the Hand Gang of Gandii in the Gandii system.  
  
Both organisations called in support from independent combat pilots, but ultimately it was the Gandii Justice Party that emerged victorious.  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict are now free to collect their rewards from Lu Hub in the Gandii system.  
  
# Community Goal: Utopia Research Appeal  
  
3303-04-13   
  
The Utopia Commune has issued a request for various commodities to be used in a forthcoming research and development programme.  
  
The enclave has placed an open order for zirconium, conductive ceramics and strange wake solutions, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Cenker City in the Gucumadhyas system.  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal, leader of the Utopian movement, released a statement outlining the nature of the initiative.  
  
"We are well aware that independent pilots accumulate large quantities of material over the course of their travels. Fortunately, Utopia is willing to pay above-market prices for these materials, which will play a central role in our forthcoming programme.  
  
The campaign begins on the 13th of April 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Development of nanomeds?  
  
# Community Goal: Colonia Resource Drive  
  
3303-04-13   
  
It has now been eight months since the first Colonia outpost was established, and since then the colony has gone from strength to strength.  
  
With the Colonia community continuing to expand, the Colonia Co-operative has placed an open order for mined Gallite, Gold and Methanol Monohydrate Crystals for the development of infrastructure throughout Colonia and the surrounding systems.  
  
A spokesperson for the Colonia Co-operative released a statement:  
  
"It would be impossible to overstate how many resources are needed to sustain and grow the Colonia community. Suffice it to say that we are in constant need. Fortunately, thanks to a series of corporate donations, we are in a position to offer generous premiums to pilots who deliver materials to Colonia Dream in the Eol Prou Lw-L C8-76 system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 13th of April 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Socho Operation Complete  
  
3304-03-22   
  
The operation to clear Socho of Thargoids has reached a successful conclusion. Scores of pilots supported the campaign by eliminating Thargoid vessels in the system, and by delivering alien material to Dantec Enterprise.  
  
A spokesperson for Aegis Core, which oversaw the initiative, made the following statement:  
  
“The pilots who took part in the operation have my thanks – they showed some real mettle. I can’t promise the material they delivered will lead to any momentous discoveries, but you never know.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Dantec Enterprise in the Socho system.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-03-23   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Aegis has published a report containing significant insights into the Thargoids. The information was provided by the engineer Ram Tah, compiled from recently decrypted logs at Guardian sites. The report indicates that the Guardians and the Thargoids were once at war, due to the Thargoids’ belief that they had a pre-existing claim to the regions of space occupied by the Guardians. Professor Alba Tesreau, head of research at Aegis, said: “It is clear that our current situation echoes that of the Guardians. Our space, like theirs, was seeded with barnacles thousands of years ago, and now the Thargoids have arrived to reap the biomechanical harvest.”  
  
The Aegis report has elicited a wide range of responses. Federal President Zachary Hudson said, “It is now clear that there is no reasoning with this alien menace”, while Imperial Admiral Denton Patreus commented, “This new information makes it clear that the Thargoids will reject any diplomatic overtures. We must redouble our efforts to defend ourselves from their antagonism.”  
  
Meanwhile, the operation to clear Socho of Thargoids has reached a successful conclusion. Scores of pilots supported the campaign by eliminating Thargoid vessels in the system, and by delivering alien material to Dantec Enterprise. A spokesperson for Aegis Core, which oversaw the initiative, thanked those who participated.  
  
In other news, Yuri Grom has announced an initiative to create a new shipyard in the CPC 20 6743 system. The shipyard will produce capital ships with which to defend human space from both human and alien threats.  
  
Finally, the Sirius Corporation has announced plans to expand its presence in the Ceos and Sothis systems. The expansion will involve the construction of several new starports, settlements and megaships.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Rackham Investigation Ruled Out  
  
3305-04-12  
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has denied that it is conducting a criminal investigation of Rackham Capital Investments.  
  
A spokesperson for the FIA gave the following statement:  
  
“Contrary to recent statements by the journalist Bryanna Blanco, we did not contact her seeking to obtain documentation, and are not running any investigation.”  
  
“There is no evidence of criminality within Rackham Capital Investments. Our agency has received charitable donations from that organisation in the past, and Mr Rackham himself is a long-standing member of the FIA Civilian Oversight Board. Such a relationship would not be possible if we had any doubts about the integrity of Mr Rackham’s business dealings.”  
  
Bryanna Blanco published a response in The Federal Times:  
  
“If this is true, then who were the FIA agents that visited our offices? I spoke to them personally and asked to see their credentials. Who has obtained our data regarding the criminal histories of Zachary Rackham and many others?”  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
### FIA  
  
## Rackham Capital Investments  
  
## Bryanna Blanco  
  
### journalist  
  
## FIA Civilian Oversight Board  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
## The Federal Times  
  
# GalNet Galactic War Report  
  
3301-02-28   
  
The ongoing conflict between the Federal Navy and the Polahukuna Raiders has taken an unexpected turn this weekend, following reports that the Federation have begun work on a new Farragut class battlecruiser in the shipyards aboard Hudson Dock. For their part, the Polahukuna raiders appear to have returned home to lick their wounds. However, reports are coming in from BD+03 2338 that traders bringing supplies to Hudson Dock are coming under heavy fire from a band of imperial mercenaries known as the East India Company.The Imperial Senate is denying any knowledge of the attacks.  
  
In imperial space, the Citizens of Tradition, acting under the authority of Senator Denton Patreus, have begun a full scale invasion of the Falisci system. The initiative to secure the spaceways around Dongzi and Ngaiawang against criminal activities is being led from Dornier Terminal in Ngaiawang.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Unregulated Slaves Sought in Synteini  
  
3301-03-01   
  
The Imperial Slavers Association, in conjunction with Senator Zemina Torval, is pleased to announce the official opening of the newest ISA slave training facility aboard Lagerkvist Gateway in the Synteini system.  
  
The facility, which includes state of the art skill implantation terminals and body sculpting shops, is already set to become one of the premier Imperial Slave training academies anywhere in Imperial space.  
  
Commander Barham of the Imperial Slavers Association had this to say about the new centre:  
  
“It really is a marvel of modern technology. We have some of the best trainers, working with the very best materials that credits can buy. We have no doubt that this facility will stand as a shining example to the rest of the galaxy as to how to get your unregulated workforce up to an appropriately imperial standard.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Dr Arcanonn Responds to Plea for Meta-Alloys  
  
3302-02-25   
  
Responding to the suggestion that more meta-alloys be shipped to stations experiencing technical issues, Dr Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has issued a statement:  
  
"Many teams from the Canonn Interstellar Research Group have already started collecting meta-alloys. Some have been doing so for many days. But one thing bothers me. The community painstakingly collected and shipped thousands of tonnes of meta-alloys to Obsidian Orbital for Professor Palin. Where did they go? Surely the engineering teams at Obsidian Orbital didn't use them all up?  
  
"I want to urge personnel at Obsidian Orbital to help us by releasing their remaining stock of meta-alloys to the commodities market. Once the existing supply runs out, we will return to the barnacle sites to collect more.  
  
"Since one of the affected stations is in my home system, I'm as eager as everyone else to deal with these malfunctions. It seems we have the means to fix the problems, so let's do it.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Community Goal: Campaign to Construct New Starport in LHS 3447  
  
3302-02-25   
  
LHS 3447 is familiar to many independent pilots, being a popular starting point for those embarking on careers as traders, bounty hunters and explorers. But many of these pilots have bemoaned the relative inaccessibility of the system's starports.  
  
The Pilots Federation, in association with LHS 3447 Dynamic and Co, has announced plans to address the issue by constructing a new Orbis starport in LHS 3447. According to a spokesperson for the organisation, the new starport will orbit LHS 3447 B 1 a, making it particularly valuable to miners exploiting the LHS 3447 AB belt.  
  
"The Pilots Federation is all about building a better future for the people who keep the galaxy moving. This new starport will give those people a valuable new trade and resupply hub, in addition to giving the system's economy a boost.  
  
The campaign to construct the starport, which will be named 'Bluford Orbital', begins on the 25th of February 3302 and will run for two weeks. Pilots who want to support the first phase of the campaign are invited to deliver metals to Worlidge Terminal in LHS 3447.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Curious Message Discovered  
  
3303-04-16   
  
A group of EM-transmission technology enthusiasts in the Tionisla system claims to have found a message in the exploration data gathered last year as part of a campaign organised by the Children of Raxxla.  
  
A spokesperson for the group, which calls itself The Hamsters, said:  
  
“It was inside one of the beacon modulator wave harmonics, and it seems to be some sort of rhyme. We’ve studied it but have come up with nothing, so we thought we’d share it with the galactic community.”  
  
The message is reprinted in full below.  
  
The river to the underworld  
  
Gaia’s daughter all unfurled  
  
Fourth minor bear in vain  
  
By viper’s sting was slain  
  
Also known as Nemesis  
  
The doom of Chimera  
  
She is tasked with soothing pain  
  
Suckling Odysseus from afar  
  
Mother of the mother of  
  
Leader of the Titans  
  
He transformed into a hawk  
  
A daughter of Daedalion’s  
  
The piercer was how he was known  
  
Mother of Ulysses  
  
Ruler of the winds  
  
God of night, primordial flees  
  
Zeus’ namesake now lies in Sol  
  
Achilles’ favoured horse  
  
Women of vengeance infernal  
  
The vain queen rides not forth  
  
A final word, a course to follow, a poor miser’s sum  
  
If you would understand it all, seek Fibonacci’s Zephyrum  
  
## premonition  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-04-19   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Aegis Thargoid Report Causes Ripples  
  
3304-03-24   
  
A recent report from Aegis, outlining the Thargoids’ history and their interactions with the Guardians, has elicited a wide range of responses.  
  
A brief statement was released by Federal President Zachary Hudson:   
  
“It is now clear that there is no reasoning with this alien menace. The Federation remains dedicated to wiping out any threat to our citizens.”  
  
Imperial Admiral Denton Patreus adopted a similar viewpoint:   
  
“This new information makes it clear that the Thargoids will reject any diplomatic overtures. We must redouble our efforts to defend ourselves from their antagonism.”  
  
Meanwhile, Professor Palin observed:   
  
“Aegis’s report forewarns us, and perhaps forearms us, too. We now know that the Guardians developed technologies capable of resisting the Thargoids’ aggression. Therefore, it is not unreasonable to hope that the weaponry being developed by Ram Tah, based on Guardian designs, might help us replicate the Guardians’ success, and defeat the Thargoids.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Aegis Thargoid Report Causes Ripples  
  
3304-03-25   
  
A recent report from Aegis, outlining the Thargoids’ history and their interactions with the Guardians, has elicited a wide range of responses.  
  
A brief statement was released by Federal President Zachary Hudson:   
  
“It is now clear that there is no reasoning with this alien menace. The Federation remains dedicated to wiping out any threat to our citizens.”  
  
Imperial Admiral Denton Patreus adopted a similar viewpoint:   
  
“This new information makes it clear that the Thargoids will reject any diplomatic overtures. We must redouble our efforts to defend ourselves from their antagonism.”  
  
Meanwhile, Professor Palin observed:   
  
“Aegis’s report forewarns us, and perhaps forearms us, too. We now know that the Guardians developed technologies capable of resisting the Thargoids’ aggression. Therefore, it is not unreasonable to hope that the weaponry being developed by Ram Tah, based on Guardian designs, might help us replicate the Guardians’ success, and defeat the Thargoids.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-03-27   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Elion Platform, Kamahu  
  
Corte-Real Terminal, 19 Phi-2 Ceti  
  
Kurland Hub, Belarsuk  
  
Paulmier de Gonneville Escape, Col 285 Sector MJ-G c11-25  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
White Enterprise, Nan Sapwe,   
  
Ramsay Hub, Sosoling  
  
Harvey Ring, Gl 606.1 B  
  
# A Distant Rendezvous – 43,000 Light Years from Home  
  
3301-03-01   
  
On the fringe of the Scutum-Centaurus arm, on the far side of the galaxy, two lone deep space explorers rendezvoused at a star system called EACTAINDS GN-W C1-6.  
  
CMDR R4nger0's mission? To cross the galaxy in a Sidewinder.  
  
CMDR Kamzel's mission? Returning to Earth after an 8-week survey expedition along the galactic outer rim.  
  
CMDR Kamzel left the frontier on 16th December 3300, CMDR R4nger0 departed on 7th January 3301. The meeting was the first human contact both pilots had in the many weeks they'd been away from home. Both pilots jointly surveyed the rendezvous system, shared a bottle of Lavian Brandy, and parted ways to continue on their respective journeys. The event was recorded and a vlog data-packet was beamed back toward human space. Streams of the log can be viewed by searching for ‘A Distant Rendezvous’ via your local vlog service provider.  
  
Some observers have called for the EACTAINDS GN-W C1-6 star system to be renamed ‘Rendezvous Point’, to commemorate this historic event... the most distant deep space encounter ever recorded.  
  
# Sirius Exploration Survey Completes  
  
3301-03-02   
  
The Sirius Corporation is pleased to announce that the reconnaissance portion of its latest colonisation project has now drawn to a close.  
  
Hundreds of highly skilled scout ships took part in the survey, which managed to gather data on tens of thousands of potential candidate systems. Early indications suggest that at least several dozen potential target sites have been discovered, although that number is sure to drop as Sirius Corporation scientists, sociologists and logistics officers continue to pour over petabytes of data in order to identify the most promising candidates for colonisation.  
  
# Community Goal: Clean up Orulas  
  
3302-02-25   
  
For years, the sparsely populated Orulas system has been dominated by the Orulas Blue Hand Gang, a ruthless criminal organisation. This cold-blooded band has been making life intolerable for the system's inhabitants, but the local government appears reluctant to take a stand. Some have speculated that this is because the authorities receive regular kickbacks from the criminals.  
  
But one resident has had enough. Rose Trebek, a former soldier and veteran of countless military campaigns, has established a defence initiative to clean up Orulas – the Joint Security Taskforce.  
  
"I'm sick of these scumbags running my system," said Trebek, "and I'm sick of the government looking the other way. It's time to take care of these punks. But we can't do it alone.  
  
"Our intelligence indicates that the Blue Hand is ferrying its spoils in big convoys to various fences. They trade mostly in escape pods, which they sell to shady pseudo-scientific outfits conducting illegal human experiments. We need pilots to swoop in, bust open the convoys, and recover as many pods as they can. We also need volunteers to sweep the system, taking out any Blue Hand ships they encounter. That should make things easier for the Commanders targeting the convoys.  
  
Trebek has the resources to offer generous incentives to those who support the campaign. But she has stressed that the operation will not be straightforward:  
  
"If you're not an experienced combat pilot, frankly you can't help us. These Blue Hand dirtbags are the real deal. I don't want your death on my conscience.  
  
The campaign begins on the 25th of February 3302 and will run for one week.Pilots who want to participate are advised to make their way to Wilkes Orbital in the Nespeleve system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Dr Lorax Speaks for the Barnacles  
  
3302-02-25   
  
Doctor Elana Lorax, a leading contributor in the field of xeno biology, has released a statement to the media:  
  
"Before we reached for the stars we destroyed countless species on our homeworld. Similarly, the colonization of Tau Ceti, Delta Pavonis, Achenar and many other systems resulted in the mass extinction of native life."   
  
"But humanity has yet to learn its lesson. The cry for meta-alloys is not unlike the lust for beaver-pelt top hats in ancient times. Thousands of barnacles have been destroyed, and for what? Defunct stations can be replaced. If the barnacles are destroyed for their meta-alloys we will lose their secrets forever.  
  
Doctor Lorax continued: "With a little patience we could unlock the secrets of the barnacle. Xeno biologists and chemists could learn to synthesize meta-alloys, given time. Unfortunately it seems humanity is going to destroy another unique lifeform for short-term, and short-sighted, gain.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# Community Goal: Superpower Expansion  
  
3303-04-20   
  
For several months, the Maia system has been a focal point in the ongoing hostility between the Empire and the Federation.  
  
Now, the Empire and the Federation have announced plans to expand their presence in Maia by constructing new outposts. But with a shortage of reliable supply lines into the system, the superpowers are relying on the galactic community for help in compiling the necessary materials. Both are keenly aware that the finite nature of resources and support means only one will be able to proceed with its plans.  
  
Both the Empire and the Federation have promised to reward pilots who contribute construction materials to their respective campaigns. The Federal campaign is being coordinated by the Pleiades Resource Enterprise, while the Merope Expeditionary Fleet has been authorised to oversee the Imperial initiative.  
  
The rival campaigns begin on the 20th of April 3303 and will run for one week. If either faction achieves its aims earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Colonia Resource Drive Concludes  
  
3303-04-20   
  
Recent reports indicate that the Colonia Co-operative resource drive has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Thousands of tonnes of resources have been delivered to Jaques Station over the past week, which will be used to develop infrastructure throughout Colonia and the surrounding systems.  
  
The Colonia Co-operative has thanked those who contributed to the campaign, and invited them to collect their rewards from Colonia Dream in the Eol Prou Lw-L C8-76 system.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-03-28   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Elion Platform, Kamahu  
  
Corte-Real Terminal, 19 Phi-2 Ceti  
  
Kurland Hub, Belarsuk  
  
Paulmier de Gonneville Escape, Col 285 Sector MJ-G c11-25  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
White Enterprise, Nan Sapwe,   
  
Ramsay Hub, Sosoling  
  
Harvey Ring, Gl 606.1 B  
  
# Lugh Ambassador Accuses Federal Party of Foul Play  
  
3301-03-02   
  
Lugh Ambassador Éamonn Uí Laoghire, the leading spokesman for the Crimson State Group, held his third and final rally on Alioth today.  
  
After a heated speech, in which he spared no quarter for the Federation and their mistreatment of the Lugh population (who he repeatedly referred to as 'The Sons of Conn'), Uí Laoghire was met by a standing ovation from the massive crowds who had assembled to hear him speak.  
  
"Our children are disappearing. In the past year alone we have seen the numbers rise to 25,431 individual cases. You will not get these figures from the Federation. Of course not! But make no mistake, they know what’s happening. What are the Lugh for Equality Party really up to? They took our land and now they’re trying to take our future. The Sons of Conn will take it no more! We demand complete separation from all Federal ties immediately! One people, one system under Lugh's glorious light!”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Internal Strife Strikes Tanmark  
  
3301-03-03   
  
News is coming out of the Tanmark system of an ongoing conflict having broken out between the Defence Force of Tanmark and a local criminal gang known as the Tanmark Posse. The Tanmark Posse are reportedly the main driving force behind the recent cultivation of Lucan Onionhead in hidden facilities throughout Luca.  
  
So far, fighting between the two factions has remained confined to the surface of Luca. Security forces are currently in the process of raiding all known Tanmark Posse holdings on the planet, which has caused all but the most loyal gang members to abandon the system in search of more hospitable surroundings.   
  
A source close to the two groups, who has asked to remain anonymous for their own safety, informed GalNet that the fighting is a direct result of the Tanmark Posse misleading the Defence Force of Tanmark into believing that the cultivation of Onionhead on Luca would be a short term arrangement.   
  
Now that it’s become clear that Lucan Onionhead has been deliberately modified in order to stop it from being able to produce natural offspring, the Defence Force of Tanmark are taking pre-emptive steps to ensure that Luca doesn’t suffer the same fate as Panem.  
  
# Galactic News: Former Federal President Found  
  
3302-02-26   
  
The recent Federal operation to search for survivors from Starship One was eagerly supported by the galactic community, resulting in the safe recovery of thousands of escape pods, many of them containing living survivors. As the task of identifying the pod's occupants continues, Federal President Zachary Hudson has made a surprising announcement: one of the escape pods taken to Leoniceno Orbital contains former Federal president Jasmina Halsey.  
  
"When we started searching for the remains of Starship One it was with the aim of discovering what happened to the ship. I never imagined we would find survivors, and certainly not that one of them would be Jasmina Halsey.  
  
Asked about Halsey's condition, Hudson said:  
  
"The medical team at Leoniceno has described Halsey's condition as critical but stable. It appears her escape pod was damaged and she sustained some injuries, so she's being kept in an induced coma until her wounds have healed. This is likely to take weeks. If her condition changes I will be immediately notified.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-02-27   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,210 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Natural Fjorgyn Liberty Party  
  
Law Party of Gundji  
  
United Nang Ta-khian Confederacy  
  
The 9th Legion  
  
Bureau of Tetrian Liberty Party  
  
Justice Party of Anekaliti  
  
Movement for Villeachi Independents  
  
Independents of Parenni  
  
LP 580-33 Services  
  
Crimson Energy Exchange  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: The Mysterious Case of the Disappearing Meta-Alloys  
  
3302-02-27   
  
Last month, the eminent scientist Ishmael Palin issued an appeal for meta-alloys, the rare material produced by the 'barnacles' of the Pleiades Nebula. The request was enthusiastically received by the galactic community, but the professor's research into the meta-alloys was brought to an abrupt halt when he and his team disappeared en route to Maia b1ba.  
  
Since then, certain sections of the galactic community have raised questions over just what has happened to these meta-alloys. Many have cited the tremendous effort involved in collecting and transporting the materials, and some have even called for them to be made available on the Obsidian Orbital commodities market.  
  
Authorities at Obsidian Orbital have not yet commented on the situation, but an anonymous report has emerged that appears to shed some light on the situation:  
  
"The truth is that most of the meta-alloys were sold on the black market to various private companies. It seemed a little weird to me, so I did some digging and found out that almost all the companies were fronts for some big conglomerate I'd never heard of. I don't know what they plan to do with the meta-alloys, but I thought the public should know.  
  
The legitimacy of the report has not yet been confirmed, but if it is genuine it raises the questions of who purchased the meta-alloys, and why.  
  
# Galactic News: Utopia Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-04-20   
  
A spokesperson for the Utopia Commune has announced that its campaign for materials has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots contributed to the initiative by delivering various commodities to Cenker City, which will be used in a forthcoming research and development programme.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Simguru Pranav Antal, leader of Utopia, issued a brief statement.  
  
“Those who contributed to this initiative have my gratitude. Thanks to you, this programme is off to a promising start.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Cenker City in the Gucumadhyas system.  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Continues California Nebula Expansion  
  
3303-04-21   
  
Last year, the Alliance established a foothold in the California Nebula with the construction of an outpost in the California Sector BA-A E6 system.  
  
The superpower’s critics suggested it was trying to control the system’s barnacles, but the Alliance insisted the outpost was intended solely to support scientific research.  
  
Now, fresh reports indicate that the Alliance is about to expand its presence in the region by establishing both a scientific outpost and an extraction facility in California Sector JH-V c2-12.  
  
Kelvin Masters, a freelance journalist who regularly contributes to the Rewired news feed, commented on the development:  
  
“Of course the Alliance wants the barnacles! They’d never admit it, of course. But that’s not the point. The point is what the Empire and Federation are going to do about it. At the moment they’re preoccupied with Maia and Merope, but sooner or later they’re going to turn their attention to the California Nebula. And when that happens, the situation is going to escalate, I guarantee it.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# EG Union Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-03-30   
  
The EG Union has announced that its campaign to build a shipyard in CPC 20 6743 has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Lyakhov Dock, and by eliminating agitators in Ross 720 and surrounding systems, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Lyakhov Dock in the CPC 20 6743 system.  
  
# Conflict in Ross 310  
  
3304-03-30   
  
Conflict has erupted between Ross 310 Natural Services, the controlling faction of the Ross 310 system, and the Ross 310 Cartel, a criminal organisation also based in Ross 310.  
  
It is understood that the Ross 310 Cartel is attempting to overthrow Ross 310 Natural Services and assume control of the system.  
  
Toru Jacobs, a member of Ross 310 Natural Services, issued the following statement:  
  
“The Ross 310 Cartel is well equipped and highly organised, and there’s a very real chance they could take control of the system. But the brave men and women of Ross 310 Natural Services are doing everything they can to prevent that from happening.”  
  
Both organisations have issued calls for aid, appealing to independent combat pilots for support. Commanders who participate in the conflict will be generously rewarded by their chosen faction.  
  
Both factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 29th of March 3304.  
  
# Alliance Terraforming Initiative Set to Enter Final Stage  
  
3301-03-03   
  
The Big G Corporation, in association with the Alliance of Independent Systems, is pleased to announce that a dozen planets involved in the Alliance terraforming programme are finally ready to undergo their last stage of biochemical transformation.  
  
The first set of planets to undergo the final stage of terraforming includes:  
  
Djaujas A 1 in Djaujas  
  
Khona 3 in Khona  
  
Dohkwithi A 1 in Dohkwithi  
  
Hip 54692 3 in Hip 54692  
  
Milelbis 4 in Milelbis   
  
While the Big G Corp is expected to handle most of the terraforming process, using their patented and highly secretive World Blending Technology, independent contractors are being encouraged to visit with Big G representatives in order to take advantage of the various stock orders that the company is looking to fill.  
  
# Falisci in Flames  
  
3301-03-04   
  
Imperial forces have decimated the majority of the Falisci Purple Gang’s fleet, just five days after the Citizens of Tradition declared war against the dreaded pirate crew and their allies. Now only a handful of the Purple Gang’s most stalwart members remain to defend their territory against the Citizens of Tradition and the thousands of loyal citizens who have flocked to Falisci to fight by their side.  
  
What little resistance the gang is still able to muster will almost certainly not be enough to keep the Citizens of Tradition from taking control of the system. However, reports are coming in from the region that the Federally aligned Social Falisci Partnership are currently attempting to bolster the Purple Gang’s numbers in what is surely a futile attempt to stop Senator Patreus from taking control of the sector.  
  
# 29 FEB 3302  
  
3302-02-28   
  
Notorious conspiracy theorist Ricardo Bentonio has issued an appeal for cartographic data with which to substantiate an extraordinary claim. According to a recent press statement, Bentonio has unearthed ancient records that prove the 29th of February 3302, which appears on all galactic calendars, should not exist. He has convinced Kruger 60 Free to fund the one-day appeal, believing that the cartographic data will prove him correct.  
  
Bentonio elaborated on his theory at a press conference:  
  
"We're not just talking about computers shutting down or ship systems failing. We're talking about the end of life as we know it! We're talking about the very fabric of space-time collapsing in on itself, and the entire universe coming to an end!  
  
Despite Bentonio having been widely derided as a tin foil hat-wearing crackpot, it's likely that the financial incentives he is offering will earn him some support. Pilots who want to contribute to the initiative are invited to deliver cartographic data to Jones Estate in the Groombridge 34 system on the 29th of February 3302.  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Continues California Nebula Expansion  
  
3303-04-22   
  
Last year, the Alliance established a foothold in the California Nebula with the construction of an outpost in the California Sector BA-A E6 system.  
  
Critics of the superpower suggested it was trying to control the system’s barnacles, but the Alliance insisted the outpost was intended solely to support scientific research.  
  
Now, fresh reports indicate that the Alliance is about to expand its presence in the region by establishing both a scientific outpost and an extraction facility in California Sector JH-V c2-12.  
  
Kelvin Masters, a freelance journalist who regularly contributes to the Rewired news feed, commented on the development:  
  
“Of course the Alliance wants the barnacles! They’d never admit it, of course. But that’s not the point. The point is what are the Empire and Federation going to do about it. At the moment they’re preoccupied with Maia and Merope, but sooner or later they’re going to turn their attention to the California Nebula. And when that happens, the situation is going to escalate, I guarantee it.”  
  
## California Nebula  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-04-26   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Thargoid Sites Go Quiet  
  
3304-03-30   
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, has released a statement concerning the Thargoid structures currently under surveillance in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
“Undoubtedly, the most positive outcome of our Eagle Eye initiative is that it has allowed us to determine which locations the Thargoids intend to attack. This has proved invaluable in our ongoing fight against the Thargoids.”  
  
“It appears, however, that the sites are currently dormant, as no energy-level fluctuations have been detected for several days. Hopefully this means we can look forward to a temporary reprieve from Thargoid attacks.”  
  
“Our military flagships, the Vanguard and the Acropolis, will remain on standby in HIP 21559 and Irandan until needed.”  
  
# Anti-Thargoid Megaships Deployed by Aegis  
  
3304-03-31   
  
Aegis has constructed two megaships, the Acropolis and the Vanguard, to help counter the Thargoid threat.   
  
The announcement came from Admiral Aden Tanner, who explained the ships’ purpose:  
  
“It is vital that Aegis has a military presence in the theatre of conflict. These new ships will coordinate anti-Thargoid operations wherever they are deployed, and will support independent pilots.”  
  
“In response to recent Thargoid incursions, the Acropolis has been dispatched to the Lunguni system, while the Vanguard is operating in the Mentor system. However, their key advantage over a starport or base is their mobility, so both will periodically relocate to wherever they can be strategically effective.”  
  
Admiral Tanner went on to stress the importance of the development:  
  
“Constructing these two gigantic vessels was a considerable undertaking for Aegis, but we are convinced the expense and effort is worthwhile. Our remit requires us to occupy a guiding role in the resistance against the Thargoids, and these megaships will bring that into focus.”  
  
# Unity Starport Officially Opens in New Yembo  
  
3301-03-05   
  
Today marks the official opening of the first Deep Space Exploration Platform being sponsored by the Explorers’ Association in conjunction with Universal Cartographics. The station will initially be housed in New Yembo, a resource rich system on the outer edges of human-occupied space.  
  
Thousands of Commanders helped provide the materials necessary to build this new state of the art Ocellus. The actual construction of the station took tens of thousands of workers just three weeks to complete, which in itself is a testament to the highly organised and methodical approach that the EAUC collaboration has applied to this project.  
  
GalNet can also now exclusively reveal that after an impassioned round of debates between EA and UC committee members, the New Yembo starport has been given the name Unity in honour of the collaborative effort that made its creation possible.  
  
# Torval Handles the Help in Synteini  
  
3301-03-05   
  
Corporations operating under the direction of Senator Zemina Torval have been making waves throughout the Empire this week, as shipments of unregulated slaves continue to pour into Imperially -sanctioned slave training centres in Synteini.  
  
Despite the questionable legal nature of the Senator’s import operations, the Senate has so far elected to not address the issue at any officially held quorum.  
  
Some political commentators have suggested that the lack of opposition is a clear sign of the Chancellor’s waning power within the Senate, although sources close to the Chancellor have suggested that “Chancellor Blaine is simply too busy to deal with Zemina’s frankly pathetic attempts to take advantage of the Emperor’s current condition.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# 29 FEB 3302  
  
3302-02-28   
  
In this weekly digest, the latest GalNet data is compiled to show the economic state of a short list of minor factions and the star systems they inhabit.  
  
Here are 10 of the 11,826 minor factions currently enjoying an economic boom:  
  
Reshero Blue Organisation  
  
Nialfi Dynasty  
  
United Qi Lieh Constitution Party  
  
Ndan Blue Galactic Organisation   
  
Mob of Mikinn  
  
Haghole Regulatory State  
  
Crew of NLTT 2969  
  
CD-52 187 Empire Consulate  
  
Cauda Monarchy  
  
HIP 5178 Nationalists  
  
When in boom, the wealth of a system is increased for the duration and all trade missions have double the effect on influence. Boom can also positively increase a minor faction's influence. Boom can be entered by consistent trade profits and completed trade contracts. Booms tend to last until they naturally expire or until some other indicator takes precedence, such as famine.  
  
Here are 10 of the 517 factions currently experiencing economic bust:  
  
Defence Force of Duamta  
  
Wadjetese Crimson Raiders  
  
WISE 1506+7027 Company  
  
HIP 27609 Brotherhood  
  
PSPF-LF 2 Purple Family  
  
Dragons of Kappa Fornacis  
  
Yun Puggera Crimson Posse  
  
Mikinn Gold Federal Industries  
  
Mehuenomici Purple Family  
  
New Groombridge 1618 Focus  
  
The wealth of a system diminishes while in bust and the minor faction's influence is also lessened. The effect of trade contracts and actions do not contribute to boom while a bust is active. A bust generally has to run its course before ending.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Presidential Vessel Retired  
  
3302-02-28   
  
For the past six years, the Federation has used a pair of customised Saud Kruger Narwhal Liners (upgraded variants of the successful Beluga Liner) as the personal vessels of the Federal president. Last year, one of these vessels was lost in a tragic accident. Today, the remaining vessel will be retired.  
  
Bexley Jones, a spokeswoman for President Zachary Hudson, said: "It is of the utmost importance that the ship bearing the callsign 'Starship One' can function as a mobile base of operations for the president, providing him with everything he needs while off-planet, in addition to offering total safety. Given the Beluga's primary designation as a passenger vessel, we have decided that it is unable meet these demands.  
  
Jones confirmed that the remaining Narwhal will be replaced with a pair of modified Farragut Battle Cruisers, a mainstay of the Federal Navy. The formidable vessels are equipped with an extensive array of heavy weaponry, and are capable of transporting multiple Federal Corvettes and a large F63 Condor squadron. "In these dangerous times, it is essential that the presidential vessel be able to offer comprehensive military support, and the Farragut Battle Cruiser can do just that," said Jones.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Formidine Rift Discovery  
  
3303-04-26   
  
A few days ago, a curious message was discovered by the Hamsters, a group of EM-transmission enthusiasts in the Tionisla system. A short time later, a combined effort from the Children of Raxxla and several other groups decoded the message and discovered it pointed to the Syreadiae JX-F c0 system in the so-called Formidine Rift.  
  
Travelling to the system, pilots discovered a bulk cruiser called the Zurara. The ship's logs painted a haunting picture, indicating that the ship’s crew sabotaged the vessel before killing themselves. The Zurara had been adrift in the system ever since.  
  
ABish  
  
## premonition  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-04-27   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bolotov Gateway, Arakwibut  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Ford Dock, Naitis  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Hermite Dock, Fan Cechehe  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
Schilling Dock, Huaich  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Hillary Silo, HR 8474  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Melvin Hub, GD 1192  
  
Priest Survey, HIP 19147  
  
Saberhagen Ring, Devata Baru  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Faraday Ring, Bunda  
  
Fisher's Rest, Aldebaran  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis  
  
Homer Port, T'u Tu  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
The Bone Yard, Tas  
  
Tyson Gateway, LTT 16548  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-03-31   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Aegis has constructed two megaships, the Acropolis and the Vanguard, to help counter the Thargoid threat. These ships will coordinate anti-Thargoid operations and support independent pilots. Aegis has confirmed that both vessels will periodically relocate to wherever they can be strategically effective.  
  
Meanwhile, many members of the Pilots Federation have responded to the recent Aegis report detailing the Thargoids’ history. One Commander admitted he was disturbed to discover that the Thargoids had been around for millions of years, and that even the Guardians had found it difficult to stop them. But other pilots were more forthright, with one reminding the galactic community that the Thargoids are not invincible.  
  
In other news, conflict has erupted between Ross 310 Natural Services, the controlling faction of the Ross 310 system, and the Ross 310 Cartel, a criminal organisation also based in the region. It is understood that the Ross 310 Cartel is attempting to overthrow Ross 310 Natural Services and assume control of the system. Both organisations have issued calls for aid, appealing to independent combat pilots for support.  
  
Finally, the EG Union has announced that its campaign to build a shipyard in Ross 720 has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Lyakhov Dock, and by eliminating agitators in Ross 720 and surrounding systems, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Independent Pilots Respond to Thargoid Revelations  
  
3304-04-01   
  
Following the recent Aegis report detailing the Thargoids’ history, many members of the Pilots Federation have made public statements.  
  
“Everything is different now,” said one Commander. “It was disturbing enough when the Thargoids returned. To find out they’ve been around for millions of years, and that even the Guardians had trouble stopping them… It’s like being told that the ancient gods, the vengeful ones who smite from above, were real all along.”  
  
Other pilots had more practical concerns about the impact on the galactic community:  
  
“What worries me is when they start up their strip-mining operation, which seems to be on the cards,” said an experienced trader. “I transport ores and metals between dozens of planets. If those planets end up being gutted of minerals, that’s my livelihood gone out the airlock.”  
  
There were also emotional comments from those who value space exploration:  
  
“I bought a ship to discover what’s out there, you know? To voyage into the black. But now, knowing the Thargoids were there long before us, and might have infested anywhere we go… The black’s theirs already, it was always theirs!”  
  
However, one seasoned Commander struck a belligerent tone:  
  
“All the Aegis report tells us is that these alien scumbags can be beaten. The Guardians did it once – now it’s our turn. I’ve fought the Thargoids in the Pleiades and I know they’re not invincible. With Aegis’s new weapons and now their megaships, we can make those insects wish they’d stayed in their hives.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# It’s Time to Stop Slavery Stupid  
  
3301-03-06   
  
Aisling Duval is in the spotlight again today, following a rather passionate outburst on the Empire’s most-watched reality stream show, Celebrity Pets.  
  
“The truth is every pet we’ve seen tonight lives a better life than the billions of slaves who are busy working themselves to death while all you viewers just sit there and laugh,” the youngest Duval said during the ever-popular ‘Pimping Pets Get Pampered’ segment.  
  
“Just take that old bat Zemina. She’s got a whole zoo on that fancy ship of hers. I mean it’s not a good zoo, but I bet her pets get to eat well. Meat even. Her slaves are lucky if they get gruel. Think they’ve ever got meat? Yeah, right. Slavery is stupid, and it is way past time we stopped it.”  
  
In support of Aisling’s anti-slavery rhetoric, Stop Slavery Stupid has announced it will once again be accepting Imperial slaves for emancipation and rehabilitation at centres aboard Mackenzie Relay in Cemiess, Thiele Orbital in Ngun and Naubakht City in Eta Horologii.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Prism Senator will not be late, not even slightly  
  
3301-03-06   
  
In another administrative mix up, Lady Kahina Tijani Loren's Imperial Courier has been denied docking clearance at Mars High. Official observers report that an Imperial Courier attempted to dock without prior permission and when confronted, refused to acknowledge hails.  
  
Unofficial, and anonymous, reports from independent traders seem to favour the view that Mars High docking personnel routed Lady Kahina's ship to the back of the queue unnecessarily, and rather than comply, she positioned her ship directly in the docking entrance and refused to move it until granted a landing pad.  
  
Lady Kahina was later quoted as saying. 'As I said before, I don't like to be late.'  
  
Rumours that the docking clearance officer at Mars High has been encouraged to retire early are strenuously denied by Federal administrators.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-03-01   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 679 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Ix Chim Jet Life Ltd  
  
Arabrigur Emperor's Grace  
  
Hou Mayo Patron's Principles  
  
Traditional LP 245-17 Law Party  
  
Natural BD-00 4461 Constitution Party  
  
Gang of Wolf 12  
  
Independents of Arimil  
  
LTT 10462 Crimson Advanced Co  
  
Nommarini Organisation  
  
Barons of Miki  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 674 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Menambe Blue Posse  
  
Kartamayana Fortune Services  
  
Caraswang Gold Public Inc  
  
Crimson Comms Limited  
  
Binjia Incorporated  
  
Bunuson Empire League   
  
10 Iota Cygni Values Party  
  
Left Party of Akualanu  
  
Partnership of Taribes  
  
BD+59 1851 Resistance  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Presidential Fleet Upgrade Questioned  
  
3302-03-01   
  
Following the recent retirement of the last Saud Kruger Narwhal from the presidential fleet, critics of the Hudson administration have commented on the decision to make use of two Core Dynamics Farragut-class battle cruisers as presidential transport vessels.  
  
In an interview with the Federal Times, Congresswoman Kristine Lasky said: "These aren't industry-standard ships that can be purchased on the market. These are mainline warships – the largest in the Federal Navy's inventory. That the president intends to make use of not one but two of these ships should seriously concern taxpayers.  
  
"Is it necessary for the president to deploy a battle group every time he visits a foreign dignitary? What message does that send to other heads of state? It looks less like a matter of security and more like a show of force!  
  
Congresswoman Lasky announced that she will call upon the Federal Accountability Office to investigate the acquisition and deployment cost to the taxpayer, and put forward a measure to limit the president's use of the ships to a handful of occasions per fiscal year.  
  
Commander Driggers  
  
# Community Goal: Restoring Order in Cartoq  
  
3303-04-27   
  
Authorities in the Cartoq system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, the Cartoq Purple Major Organisation has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the Cartoq system, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Avdeyev Settlement.  
  
The campaign begins on 27th of April 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The ACS Overwatch  
  
3304-04-06   
  
The Atlas Corporation has launched a campaign to build a megaship in the Lambda Arae system.  
  
The vessel, which will be named the ACS Overwatch, will fulfil a multi-faceted role in the ongoing fight against the Thargoids.  
  
A spokesperson for the Atlas Corporation said:  
  
“The ACS Overwatch will serve as a coordination point for rescue missions and anti-Thargoid operations, as well as being a valuable resupply point and a safe haven for the people of Lambda Arae.”  
  
In support of this goal, the Atlas Corporation has placed an open order for various commodities, promising to reward pilots who deliver the requested goods to Redi Market in the Lambda Arae system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering commodities to Redi Market can do so safely.   
  
The campaign begins on the 5th of April 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Privateers Alliance Campaign  
  
3304-04-06   
  
The Privateers Alliance has announced plans to build a military installation in the HIP 33368 system.  
  
The installation will “reinforce the gates” by defending the core systems from Thargoid forces in the Pleiades.  
  
A spokesperson for the Privateers Alliance released the following statement:  
  
“We need to make a show of strength. That is why we are humbly requesting the help of the galactic community in building this installation.”  
  
“Once complete, it will allow pilots from across the galaxy – irrespective of their allegiance – to work together in resisting the Thargoid threat.”  
  
In support of this goal, the Privateers Alliance has placed an open order for various commodities, and has pledged to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Barjavel Station in the HIP 33368 system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 5th April of 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Pirates Prospering in Tanmark  
  
3301-03-06   
  
Despite the Defence Force of Tanmark’s overwhelming success in closing down the Tanmark Posse’s operations on Luca, hundreds of unmarked pirate ships have been attacking innocent traders as they go about their business in the system.   
  
It would appear that the recent wave of criminal activity has been sparked by the economic boom that the region has been experiencing, as a result of the increased production of Lucan Onionhead.  
  
So far the Defence Force of Tanmark has only been allowing traders access to a very limited amount of Lucan Onionhead, a decision that they claim was made in an attempt to stop criminals from targeting individual traders on their way out of the system. That could all change, however, as the Defence Force of Tanmark is now offering to empty out its storerooms once security in the region has been restored.  
  
Commanders interested in taking part in the security initiative should sign up for active duty aboard Cassie-L-Peia in Tanmark.  
  
# Galactic News: Conspiracy Theorist's Appeal Ends  
  
3302-03-01   
  
Kruger 60 Free has announced that the galactic community has responded with surprising enthusiasm to the recent appeal from conspiracy theorist Ricardo Bentonio. Hundreds of pilots chose to support Bentonio's campaign, bringing him cartographic data so he could prove that the 29th of February 3302 was an 'aberrant day' heralding the imminent collapse of the universe.  
  
Although no indications of universal catastrophe have been reported, Bentonio still appears to believe that the irregular day is a harbinger of humanity's impending doom:  
  
"It will happen – you mark my words! This day is an anomaly, and should never have been. It's the end!  
  
At the time of writing, the universe continues to exist.  
  
# Community Goal: The Gear of War  
  
3303-04-27   
  
The Sitakapan Expeditionary Forces have announced plans to fortify their home system of Sitakapa by converting a mining outpost into a military settlement. The move is a response to increasing political and military instability across the galaxy.  
  
General Ani Leonard of Sitakapan Expeditionary Forces announced:  
  
"Our galaxy becomes more dangerous every day. Whether it's the Federation sowing unrest in the Pleiades, fringe-terrorism from Salomè and her lackeys or hyperdictions from unknown parties, the risks are greater than they've ever been. And the frontier colonies are most at risk. We must be prepared.  
  
General Leonard promised that contractors who deliver military-grade weapons and chemicals to Russell Hub will earn a cut of Sitakapa's booming wealth – the result of years of economic development.  
  
The campaign begins on the 27th of April 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Initiative Succeeds  
  
3303-04-27   
  
The Merope Expeditionary Fleet has announced that the Imperial campaign to amass material for a new outpost in the Maia system has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering construction materials to Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval released a brief statement, thanking those who supported the initiative. It is expected that work on the new outpost will begin imminently.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the campaign can now collect their rewards from Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
# Aisling Duval Criticises Aegis  
  
3304-04-06   
  
In a public interview, Princess Aisling Duval levelled criticism at Aegis in relation to the ongoing Thargoid conflict.  
  
“The people are scared,” she said. “They fear that their way of life – their very existence – might vanish unless more is done to protect them. I’m not convinced Aegis is capable of doing so. The Empire has invested heavily in the organisation. Are we sure the other powers have done the same?”  
  
“It has taken far too long for Aegis to determine why the Thargoids are attacking, and it’s not clear what their strategy is now. If we are to trust them to defend humanity, we need to see more obvious progress.”  
  
Although Princess Duval has received some support for her viewpoint, The Federal Times offered a sarcastic rebuttal:  
  
“Apart from undertaking scientific research, developing defensive systems, producing anti-Thargoid weaponry, creating the Eagle Eye surveillance network, building two military megaships and actively engaging Thargoid forces in combat…what has Aegis ever done for us?”  
  
A media spokesperson for the Alliance was equally dismissive:  
  
“This is nothing more than public posturing – an attention-seeking gambit from someone who is no longer as newsworthy as she once was. Aegis has made incredible breakthroughs, and is clearly dedicated to ending the Thargoid war.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# The War for Falisci  
  
3301-03-07   
  
Senator Patreus and the Citizens of Tradition have been successful in their crusade against the Falisci Purple Gang. Falisci has fallen to Imperial forces and is currently in the process of being assimilated into Imperial society.   
  
All outstanding payments due to Imperial veterans of the Falisci war are now available for collection from Dornier Terminal in Ngaiawang. To celebrate Senator Patreus’s victory, Senator Torval is offering a 10% discount on all Imperial slaves purchased from Dornier Terminal until next weekend.   
  
However, the war for control of Falisci may not quite be over yet. Reports have started to come in from the region that a civil war is currently brewing between the Citizens of Tradition and the Federal Social Falisci Partnership Party. If the Social Falisci Partnership Party is successful in its attempt to disrupt the Citizens of Tradition’s hold over Phillips Landing, the Federation may be able to gain control over Falisci.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-03-02   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Freelance Report: Canonn Scientist Requests Meta-Alloys  
  
3302-03-02   
  
Professor D Luffy, head of research at Bond Hub in the Varati system, has released a statement about the station's need for meta-alloys:  
  
"My researchers are ready to receive as many meta-alloys as the community can deliver. We're certain we can repeat the success of the Obsidian Orbital engineers and reverse the malfunctions plaguing so many stations in the bubble.  
  
"My colleagues and I understand the concerns about harvesting meta-alloys from the barnacles, but this plague is affecting millions of people and it seems the meta-alloys have been given to us specifically as a cure.  
  
"We do not condone the destruction of barnacle sites, and we are prepared for the possibility that something bad could happen as a result of using the meta-alloys in this way, but we must balance the need for caution against the needs of humanity. So, please, bring your meta-alloys to us and let us do the rest.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Galactic News: Federal-Imperial Conflict in Merope  
  
3303-04-28   
  
Authorities in the Merope system have reported conflict between the Pleiades Resource Enterprise, a Federal organisation, and the Merope Expeditionary Fleet, an Imperial organisation. The clash represents the latest development in the ongoing proxy war between the Empire and the Federation.  
  
Significantly, the two factions were until recently embroiled in conflict in the Maia system. It is understood the Pleiades Resource Enterprise withdrew from the conflict specifically so it could engage Merope Expeditionary Fleet forces in Merope. This has led to speculation that the Pleiades Resource Enterprise was ordered to enter Merope and by the Federation.  
  
Security forces in Merope have confirmed that the fighting is localised at present, with no significant impact on civilian settlements.  
  
Freelance journalist Katherine Ryder commented on the development:  
  
“As long as the fighting remains contained, there’s no cause for alarm. There’s a world of difference between inter-faction skirmishes and all-out war between the galaxy’s two largest superpowers. Full-scale conflict between the Empire and the Federation might never happen.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Order Restored in Ross 310  
  
3304-04-06   
  
Authorities in the Ross 310 system have confirmed that the conflict between Ross 310 Natural Services and the Ross 310 Cartel has come to an end.  
  
Both factions received support from independent combat pilots, to whom generous rewards were promised, but ultimately there could be only one victor.  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict can now collect their rewards from Morey Port in the Ross 310 system.  
  
# Anti-Slavery Support Grows in Synteini System  
  
3301-03-08   
  
The Future of Synteini party is calling on all Commanders to protest the actions of the Imperial Slavers Association in the Synteini system.  
  
“Today marks the anniversary of the ‘Act Prohibiting Importation of Slaves’, one of two acts that helped end the Atlantic slave trade in the early 19th century,” said a party representative. “And now a new slaving facility is opening up in our own backyard?”  
  
The party offers their own station as a potential solution. “The Future of Synteini party will not abide by slavery, Imperial or no. I make the call to commanders: give your business to the Future of Synteini, not to the ISA. Do business at William Sargent, and starve Lagerkvist.  
  
“Let’s hit Senator Zemina Torval where it counts - and kick her out of Synteini!”  
  
Lagerkvist Gateway orbits the second planet in the Synteini A system, while William Sargent Vision orbits the fourth.  
  
-CMDR Boter  
  
# Galactic News: Focus on Democracy  
  
3302-03-03   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,209 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Noblemen of HIP 98723  
  
Moha Coalition  
  
CD-79 950 Gold Energy Services  
  
G 14-6 Services  
  
Values Party of HR 1201 0  
  
Wonneriti Resistance  
  
Values Party of Yembo  
  
Erh Lohra Partners  
  
Marquis du Meduwang  
  
Independents of Midgard  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Generation Ship Found  
  
3303-04-29   
  
Before the development of faster-than-light travel, colonising distant star systems depended on vast interstellar arks known as generation ships. There are believed to be more than 70,000 of these ships in the galaxy, the location of many of which is not known.  
  
But now one of these ‘lost’ ships has been found. A transmission recovered from a listening post in the LHS 1047 system led a pair of independent pilots to the Alaunus system, where the generation ship ‘Lycaor’ was discovered. Tragically, it appears that the ship’s crew was killed by an unidentified pathogen, no doubt many centuries ago. This was confirmed by remotely accessing the ship’s medical logs.  
  
System authorities have urged pilots not to interfere with the vessel, which is still protected by the legislature instated at the time of its launch.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-04-06   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Corte-Real Terminal, 19 Phi-2 Ceti  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
Harvey Ring, Gl 606.1 B  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Asire Arena, Dakondunii  
  
Big Pappa's Base, Andhrimi  
  
Cayley Enterprise, Wolf 359  
  
Dionysus, HIP 17044  
  
Gardner Port, Salikians  
  
Malenchenko City, Coma  
  
McDivitt Port, Wolf 1022  
  
Solovyev Colony, Carcinus  
  
Stabenow Reformatory, Peregrina  
  
Talos 1, Peregrina  
  
Talos 2, Peregrina  
  
Weber Dock, Meene  
  
Wye-Delta Station, Carcinus  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-04-07   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Aegis has constructed two megaships, the Acropolis and the Vanguard, to help counter the Thargoid threat. These ships will coordinate anti-Thargoid operations and support independent pilots. Aegis has confirmed that both vessels will periodically relocate to wherever they can be strategically effective.  
  
Meanwhile, many members of the Pilots Federation have responded to the recent Aegis report detailing the Thargoids’ history. One Commander admitted he was disturbed to discover that the Thargoids had been around for millions of years, and that even the Guardians had found it difficult to stop them. But other pilots were more forthright, with one reminding the galactic community that the Thargoids are not invincible.  
  
In other news, conflict has erupted between Ross 310 Natural Services, the controlling faction of the Ross 310 system, and the Ross 310 Cartel, a criminal organisation also based in the region. It is understood that the Ross 310 Cartel is attempting to overthrow Ross 310 Natural Services and assume control of the system. Both organisations have issued calls for aid, appealing to independent combat pilots for support.  
  
Finally, the EG Union has announced that its campaign to build a shipyard in Ross 720 has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Lyakhov Dock, and by eliminating agitators in Ross 720 and surrounding systems, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Federal Congress Calls Emergency Session  
  
3301-03-09   
  
An emergency special session of the Federal Congress was held today to discuss how best to deal with the Crimson State Group’s attempt to force Lugh to secede from the Federation.  
  
Lugh is home to 15.3 billion residents, who are supported almost entirely by the vast natural resources that Lugh has at its disposal.  
  
In her address to Congress, President Halsey had this to say on the situation:  
  
“Systems choosing to hold fair and democratic elections to determine whether they wish to remain within the Federal fold is one thing, but a group of religious fanatics petitioning a foreign power to help overthrow a democratically elected Federal government is another matter entirely. The Federation will not allow theocrats, terrorists or any other fringe organisation to usurp the right and proper rules that govern our society. If the Crimson State Group continues to go down this road then the Federation will respond with whatever force deemed necessary.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Prism Senator will not be late, not even slightly  
  
3301-03-09   
  
In another administrative mix up, Lady Kahina Tijani Loren's Imperial Courier has been denied docking clearance at Mars High. Official observers report that an Imperial Courier attempted to dock without prior permission and when confronted, refused to acknowledge hails.  
  
Unofficial, and anonymous, reports from independent traders seem to favour the view that Mars High docking personnel routed Lady Kahina's ship to the back of the queue unnecessarily, and rather than comply, she positioned her ship directly in the docking entrance and refused to move it until granted a landing pad.  
  
Lady Kahina was later quoted as saying. 'As I said before, I don't like to be late.'  
  
Rumours that the docking clearance officer at Mars High has been encouraged to retire early are strenuously denied by Federal administrators.  
  
# Galactic News: Orulas Campaign Reaches an End  
  
3302-03-03   
  
Rose Trebek, leader of the Joint Security Taskforce, has announced that the operation to clean up the Orulas system has been an overwhelming success. According to Trebek, hundreds of combat pilots supported the initiative to disrupt the operations of the criminal Blue Hand Gang.  
  
Trebek released a statement to the media in the wake of the campaign's success:  
  
"We had two primary objectives: to clear the spaceways of Orulas, and to liberate the escape pods the criminals were transporting through the system. Thanks to the many brave combat pilots who supported the initiative, both objectives were successfully completed. The recovered escape pods have been delivered to Wilkes Orbital, and the occupants will now be returned to their families.  
  
Asked about the system's future, Trebek was characteristically pragmatic:  
  
"The pilots who contributed to this initiative have done an outstanding job, but the Blue Hand Gang hasn't been completely destroyed. We've won the battle, but the war is far from over.  
  
# Community Goal: Protect Traders in LHS 3447  
  
3302-03-03   
  
The campaign to construct a new starport in the LHS 3447 system has been eagerly received by the galactic community, but recent reports indicate that the traders delivering metals for use in the construction project are being targeted by marauders. To protect these pilots, the Pilots Federation, in association with LHS 3447 Dynamic and Co, has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the system. A spokesperson for the Pilots Federation issued a brief statement:  
  
"We will not tolerate any harassment of those who have chosen to support this campaign. We are therefore offering generous bounties on all wanted vessels found disturbing the peace in LHS 3447.  
  
The campaign begins on the 3rd of March 3302 and will run for one week. Pilots who want to help are invited to hand in bounties at Worlidge Terminal in LHS 3447. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Generation Ship Found  
  
3303-04-29   
  
Before the development of faster-than-light travel, colonising distant star systems depended on vast interstellar arks known as generation ships. There are believed to be more than 70,000 of these ships in the galaxy, the location of many of which is not known.  
  
But now one of these ‘lost’ ships has been found. A transmission recovered from a listening post in the LHS 1047 system led a pair of independent pilots to the Alaunus system, where the generation ship ‘Lycaor’ was discovered. Tragically, it appears that the ship’s crew was killed by an unidentified pathogen, no doubt many centuries ago. This was confirmed by remotely accessing the ship’s medical logs.  
  
System authorities have urged pilots not to interfere with the vessel, which is still protected by the legislature instated at the time of its launch.  
  
# Galactic News: Terrorist Salomé Killed  
  
3303-05-03   
  
Imperial despatches have confirmed that Commander Salomé, also known as Kahina Tijani Loren, was killed in the Arumclaw system on the 29th of April by a bounty hunter known as ‘Besieger’.  
  
Salomé was escorted by several heavily armed vessels, but her Imperial Clipper ‘Seven Veils’ was nevertheless destroyed by weapons fire. Three commanders were seen fleeing Arumclaw shortly afterwards.  
  
Surveillance reports indicate that Salomé’s co-conspirators – Raan Corsen, Tsu Annabelle Singh and Yuri Nakamura – remain at large.  
  
Moments after Salomé’s destruction was confirmed, a transmission was detected in the Teorge system, leading to the discovery of a series of logs. The logs, which apparently date from 3275, contain nebulous assertions regarding a scheme from an unidentified super organisation to manipulate the Empire, Federation and Alliance.  
  
A number of factions tried to defend Salomé and her allies as they travelled from 46 Eridani to the core systems. Imperial intelligence is reportedly trying to identify the factions that supported the conspirators, but anecdotal reports indicate that many have already fallen into disarray in the wake of Salomé’s death.  
  
“She was a force of evil who attempted to sow the seeds of conflict among those who strive for peace,” said Princess Aisling Duval. “Her warmongering is at an end, and the galaxy is now a safer place. It’s just a shame that so many innocent lives were lost before she was brought down.”  
  
Admiral Denton Patreus refused to address claims that the bounty hunter was in his employ, saying only, “Let that be an end to this sorry affair”.  
  
## The Club  
  
## premonition  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# New Designs from Technology Brokers  
  
3304-04-07   
  
A range of new Guardian-inspired modules are now available from the galaxy’s technology brokers. These modules have been developed by the engineer Ram Tah, following his acquisition of data from Guardian sites.  
  
Pilots can now purchase a Guardian power distributor, a Guardian FSD booster and a Guardian shard cannon. The cannon is available in both fixed and turreted versions.  
  
An independent engineering specialist made this comment:  
  
“These Guardian-human hybrid modules offer additional resilience and firepower – both very welcome to Commanders flying combat missions. By taking advantage of the Guardians’ expertise, we may be able to replicate their success in fighting the Thargoids.”  
  
# Genesis of the Thargoids?  
  
3304-04-07   
  
Professor Cora Shaw, director of the Palin Institute, has published a paper speculating on the origin of the Thargoids.  
  
Extracts from her paper are reprinted below:  
  
“Considering the Thargoids’ impact on our civilisation, it is disturbing that we still know so little about them. Information from Guardian sites has shed some light on the Thargoids’ ancient history, but it’s clear they were an established spacefaring species long before they encountered the Guardians. So where did the Thargoids come from?”  
  
“We know that the Thargoids are insectoid in nature with an affinity for ammonia-based worlds. This suggests they may have evolved in a harsh, low-temperature environment, which might explain their overdeveloped survival instincts and aggressive nature. But we also know the Thargoids are experts in bioengineering, so they may have augmented their own biology to a point where natural evolutionary processes are meaningless.”  
  
“Since much of the Milky Way remains uncharted, the Thargoid homeworld might be just beyond known space or on the other side of the galaxy – if it exists at all. It’s possible they are now a nomadic species, existing entirely in space, or within fabricated hives of some kind. It may even be that they have journeyed across millions of light years, from Andromeda or beyond, like a swarm of locusts seeking fresh crops to consume.”  
  
“Other theories are more esoteric but worthy of exploration. We know that their vessels are capable of hovering in hyperspace, suggesting that witch-space is comfortable for them. Could living beings actually originate from hyperspace?”  
  
“Alternatively, they may be using hyperspace as a conduit from a dimensional plane entirely separate from real space. The Thargoids may not just be extragalactic in origin, but extra-universal.”  
  
# The Scars of War in Banki  
  
3301-03-09   
  
The Federation may have won the war in the Banki system, but survivors on both sides are still in a struggle for survival.  
  
After a long and bitter conflict, the Federation was able to clutch a victory (as well as a base) after offering greater incentives for Commanders willing to fight on their side. This strategy drew in throngs of Commanders from throughout the galaxy, tilting the scales decisively in favour of the Federal Navy.  
  
At the end, the situation grew very grim for the Banki Gold Gang. Hundreds were killed, thousands were wounded, and medical supplies stretched perilously thin. Despite winning the war, the Federation now has to deal with a destitute populace, an outbreak and the threat of famine on the horizon.   
  
The CEO of the Gold Advanced Partners and current governor of Banki, Christopher Kailson, has put out this passionate plea for help:   
  
"Banki needs the support of Commanders now more than ever. Supplying even a small amount of Banki’s needs will help to ease the suffering of the ill, the orphaned, and the poor.”  
  
- CMDR John Paul Wilson  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Lave Radio Appeals for Blood Crystals  
  
3302-03-03   
  
The Lave Radio Network has launched a campaign to construct a new transmitter relay in the Diso system. John Stabler, Head of Operations at Lave Station, said:  
  
"We were performing scheduled maintenance when we discovered that our interstellar transmitter was broken. Very broken. It seems most of the components had been scavenged by raiders, or taken home by staff, or something.  
  
"Unfortunately we can't afford real estate in the Lave system," explained Commander Jarvis, head of station entertainment at the Lave Radio Network. "It's wonderful that the Lave system is free from dictatorship these days, but territory used to be a lot more affordable. Now scalpers and investors have the best of it. Nevertheless, we're very glad for this opportunity to foster a relationship with the…*sigh*...Diso system.  
  
The Lave Radio interstellar transmitter system uses powerful focusing crystals found only in the Cherbones system. These blood crystals are extremely rare, and are extracted via a highly dangerous mining operation. Lave Radio's second technician – a former Cherbones Mining Authority employee – spoke fondly of his first assignment:  
  
"Those were happy times. There was a fair amount of injury, but what posting doesn't have its share of dangers? I mean, everything's dangerous in space: gantries, zoological laboratories, airlocks, vending machines – everything.  
  
The Lave Radio Network has asked the galactic community to deliver as many blood crystals as possible to Lave Station in the Lave system for the new interstellar transmitter. The campaign begins on the 3rd of March 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will finish immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Fifth Colonia Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-05-04   
  
The fifth Colonia Council migration appeal has come to an end. Hundreds of organisations took part in the campaign, delivering huge quantities of material to Jaques Station in the hope of earning a place in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
The Council is now processing the deliveries to confirm exactly how much has been delivered. Once the process is complete, the Council will contact the organisations that made the largest contribution, and start work on their new outposts.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-04-12   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
Corte-Real Terminal, 19 Phi-2 Ceti  
  
Harvey Ring, Gl 606.1 B  
  
Asire Arena, Dakondunii  
  
Cayley Enterprise, Wolf 359  
  
McDivitt Port, Wolf 1022  
  
Solovyev Colony, Carcinus  
  
Stabenow Reformatory, Peregrina  
  
Talos 1, Peregrina  
  
Talos 2, Peregrina  
  
Weber Dock, Meene  
  
Wye-Delta Station, Carcinus  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Altshuller Port, Monoto  
  
Antonelli Station, HR 1201  
  
Beadle Port, Pyemma  
  
Hansen Station, HIP 95256  
  
Reed Dock, Monoto  
  
Thomas' Claim, Telin  
  
# Galactic Mechanics Union Busted Breaking Laws  
  
3301-03-10   
  
Word has reached GalNet that an investigation into the Galactic Mechanics Union will result in charges being brought against the organisation by all three of the galaxy’s major powers.  
  
The investigation, which was carried out in secret by a consortium of independent investigators, has found that the GMU has been involved in anti-competitive business practices, including price fixing on a galactic scale.  
  
Lawsuits are currently in the process of being submitted to the appropriate authorities. With millions of potential plaintiffs signing up to take part in what will doubtless be the largest class action case in history, it seems unlikely that the GMU will make it out of the courts still in one piece once this is all over.  
  
While the lawsuits are likely to go on for years before anyone is able to claim any kind of compensation, ship repair costs should start becoming significantly cheaper now that the GMU’s price fixing operations have come to an end.  
  
# Lugh Prepares for War  
  
3301-03-10   
  
Crimson State Group representatives who were still present on Alioth were forced to make a hasty departure earlier today, as reports of Federal checkpoints being established around local exit points began to hit the Alliance blogosphere.   
  
It would appear that the Federation means to finally show its hand in what has been a long and arduous game of poker between the Federal goliath and a small but proud people willing to defy the domination of their oppressors.   
  
In the wake of his unsuccessful attempts to reach a favourable conclusion with representatives of the Alliance, Ambassador Éamonn Uí Laoghaire had this to say:  
  
"Lugh is a sovereign state. This is an undeniable truth. An error does not become truth by multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody sees it! Though the storm clouds gather around us, it has been written in our ancient 'Leabhar Gabhála Lugh' that the Sons of Conn will come to Lugh’s aid at his time of direst need. That also is a universal truth.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-03-05   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,235 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Values Party of Angrbonii  
  
Canary Mining Corporation  
  
Monarchy of LHS 1933  
  
Lan Tzak Jet General Corporation  
  
HIP 2318 Empire Assembly  
  
Aluriates Empire Consulate  
  
Batjan Co  
  
Dedalo Corp. Interstellar  
  
New Otherni Revolutionary Party  
  
Sokoq Ring  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Alliance Outpost Campaign  
  
3303-05-04   
  
The Alliance has announced plans to construct a new outpost in the California Nebula and placed an open order for construction materials.  
  
An Alliance spokesperson outlined the nature of the initiative:  
  
“With the Federation and the Empire mired in hostility, it falls to the Alliance to pursue a more exploratory agenda. This new outpost will further that agenda by supporting our ongoing research in the California Nebula.”  
  
“The Turner Research Group has generously offered to support this initiative, allowing us to reward pilots who deliver Geological Equipment, Micro-Weave Cooling Hoses, Building Fabricators and Energy Grid Assemblies to our base of operations at Darwin Research Facility in the California Sector BV-Y c7 system.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 4th of May 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: The Colonia Expansion  
  
3303-05-04   
  
The sixth Colonia migration appeal has now begun, giving the galaxy’s minor factions an opportunity to establish a permanent presence in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
A spokesperson for the council reminded the public of the migration process:  
  
“Pilots who to want to earn a migration visa for their chosen organisation should deliver the requested commodity to Jaques Station.”  
  
“At the end of the campaign, the ten factions that have made the largest contribution will earn the right to settle in one of the systems we have targeted for colonisation. A new planetary outpost will be constructed in the system for each organisation’s use.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 4th of May 3303 and will run for four weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Signal Could be Ancient Probe  
  
3304-04-13   
  
Astronomers based in the Sol system may have detected a signal from New Horizons, a space probe launched in 2006 with a mission to study various objects in the Kuiper belt.  
  
One of the astronomers responsible for the find said:  
  
“New Horizons was launched over a thousand years ago, so this is potentially quite an exciting discovery. We haven’t been able to pinpoint the object’s precise location, but our data indicates that it is approximately 1,726,716 light seconds from the sun and 1,526,050 light seconds from 90377 Sedna. Perhaps some intrepid explorer will seek it out, and confirm our suspicions!”  
  
# Alioth Warns Lugh They Stand Alone  
  
3301-03-11   
  
Speaking before a gathering of the Alliance Assembly today, Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has issued a warning to the Crimson State Group that it stands alone in its opposition to the Federation’s continued governance of Lugh.  
  
“It is not the place of the Alliance to intervene in matters of legitimate Federal governance. No laws have been broken, no rights have been abused and as such no military aid will be forthcoming for the freedom fighters of Lugh. Similarly, until such time as the residents of Lugh have fully seceded from the Federation, any applications to join the Alliance of Independent Systems will be automatically rejected on the grounds that Lugh is not a fully functioning independent state.”  
  
The news will come as quite a blow for Lugh, and the Crimson State Group in particular, who will now need to find allies closer to home if they want to have any hope of winning their fight for independence.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Federal Military Lobby for Tax Reduction on Private Pilots  
  
3301-03-11   
  
Rumours coming out of Mars today suggest that a powerful lobbying group, acting on behalf of Admiral Vincent and the Federal Navy, are currently engaged in a massive campaign to lower taxes on combat-capable spacecraft. The aim of the campaign is to encourage Federal pilots to become more battle-ready in these times of heightened tensions.   
  
If the lobbying efforts prove to be successful, the Imperial armament program will doubtless be forced to follow suit or else risk the Empire being undermined by the increased combat capabilities of the Federal Navy.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Professor Ishmael Palin Found  
  
3302-03-05   
  
Last week, the Orulas system was the site of a combat operation designed to eliminate the Blue Hang Gang, a ruthless criminal organisation. One of the operation's objectives was to recover the escape pods the criminals were transporting through the system. Thanks to the brave pilots who supported the initiative, the objective was successfully completed, and the recovered pods were delivered to Wilkes Orbital.  
  
As personnel at Wilkes Orbital continue with the task of identifying the pods' occupants, authorities at the starport have made a surprising announcement: Professor Ishmael Palin and his research team were among those rescued in the operation.  
  
"We were shocked to discover the professor and his colleagues," said Governor Lawrence, principal administrator of Wilkes Orbital, "but also delighted. He's in a delicate state at the moment, but we're confident he'll make a full recovery.  
  
Meanwhile, Rose Trebek, the military veteran who spearheaded the operation against the Blue Hand Gang, was asked how Professor Palin might have ended up in the criminals' custody:  
  
"The Blue Hand are opportunists, so it's hard to imagine them going to the trouble of tracking down Palin and abducting him. My guess is they bought the professor's escape pod from someone else, probably without even knowing who was in it. Hopefully, the professor will be able to tell us more once he's back to full health.  
  
# Freelance Report: Pleased To Eat You  
  
3302-03-06   
  
We've heard a lot about these barnacles, said controversial chef Oliver Gordon today outside his restaurant 'PanGalactic', "but the most important question has yet to be asked. How do they taste?  
  
"I have sampled delicacies from across the galaxy, including Ceti rabbits and Vacuum krill. Now I seek new flavours with which to tantalize my clientele. I intend to create a dish fit for an emperor: space barnacle broth with a Deuringas truffle oil foam and Ochoeng chilli reduction.  
  
When asked about the ethics of eating what could be a sentient being, Gordon was dismissive:  
  
"Food is beyond such concerns. There can be no higher honour than to be lovingly prepared by my highly trained master chefs and served to the galaxy's most demanding connoisseurs.  
  
Commander Gan  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored in Cartoq  
  
3303-05-04   
  
The Cartoq Purple Major Organisation has announced that its campaign to clear the Cartoq system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Authorities in the Cartoq system have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Avdeyev Settlement in the Cartoq system.  
  
# Galactic News: Sitakapan Expeditionary Forces Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-05-04   
  
A spokesperson for the Sitakapan Expeditionary Forces has announced that the group’s appeal for military-grade weapons and chemicals has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Russell Hub, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
The Sitakapan Expeditionary Forces have extended their gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Russell Hub in the Sitakapa system.  
  
# Support for Aisling Duval  
  
3304-04-13   
  
Princess Aisling Duval’s recent comments about the effectiveness of Aegis have attracted a measure of support.  
  
One of the most prominent figures to express solidarity is Imperial Senator Pal Vespasian, who said:  
  
“One cannot accuse Aegis of being completely ineffective, but perhaps Her Highness has correctly gauged the mood of the people. A handful of minor victories is simply not enough to allay widespread fear of conquest. There can be no half measures in this situation – if we do not defeat the Thargoids, our civilisation could fall.”  
  
Meanwhile, Commodore Riri McAllister of the Alliance Defence Force said:  
  
“I can certainly refute Princess Duval’s suggestion that the other powers have not made equal contributions to Aegis. She makes a good point, however, with regard to military strategy. Greater transparency around Aegis’s long-term plans would lead to a more coordinated effort in resisting Thargoid forces.”  
  
Jast Fernández, chief editor of an independent media outlet, focused on how the public might be starting to view the princess differently:  
  
“We know that Aisling is widely seen as the stereotypical heiress – materially prosperous but intellectually deficient – but could this have been a public mask that she is now discarding? Or perhaps the young princess is finally maturing, and developing some genuine critical faculty? Either way, it’s no surprise that she’s found an audience – something she has always excelled at.”  
  
# Rind Gold Electronics Org Campaign  
  
3304-04-13   
  
The Empire has announced an initiative to bolster the superpower’s military strength. The initiative centres on a new training programme designed to create the next generation of starship pilots.  
  
A spokesperson for the Rind Gold Electronics Org, which is overseeing the initiative, released the following statement:  
  
“Over the past six months, a research group based in Achenar has developed a state-of-the-art training programme designed to cultivate applicants’ reflexes, coordination, perception and cognitive abilities. Provisional tests indicate that students in the full flush of youth, unburdened with superfluous knowledge, respond extremely well to the programme, resulting in combat pilots of unprecedented skill.”  
  
In support of this initiative, the Rind Gold Electronics Org has placed an open order for research materials, which will be used to manufacture essential apparatus. The organisation has also issued an appeal for a range of mined resources, which will be used to construct a dedicated training centre for the new programme.  
  
The campaign begins on the 12th of April 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Pleased To Eat You  
  
3302-03-06   
  
We've heard a lot about these barnacles, said controversial chef Oliver Gordon today outside his restaurant 'PanGalactic', "but the most important question has yet to be asked. How do they taste?  
  
"I have sampled delicacies from across the galaxy, including Ceti rabbits and Vacuum krill. Now I seek new flavours with which to tantalize my clientele. I intend to create a dish fit for an emperor: space barnacle broth with a Deuringas truffle oil foam and Ochoeng chilli reduction.  
  
When asked about the ethics of eating what could be a sentient being, Gordon was dismissive:  
  
"Food is beyond such concerns. There can be no higher honour than to be lovingly prepared by my highly trained master chefs and served to the galaxy's most demanding connoisseurs.  
  
Commander Gan  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-05-10   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bolotov Gateway, Arakwibut  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Faraday Ring, Bunda  
  
Fisher's Rest, Aldebaran  
  
Ford Dock, Naitis  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis  
  
Hermite Dock, Fan Cechehe  
  
Homer Port, T'u Tu  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
Schilling Dock, Huaich  
  
The Bone Yard, Tas  
  
Tyson Gateway, LTT 16548  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Archambault Installation, Formorians  
  
Tusi City, He Xingo  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
Czerny Station, Cairne  
  
Litke Mines, Wolfberg  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
# Atlas Corporation Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-04-13   
  
A spokesperson for the Atlas Corporation has announced that its campaign to build a megaship in the Lambda Arae system has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Redi Market and by eliminating agitators in Lambda Arae, thereby allowing traders to operate safely.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, a spokesperson for the Atlas Corporation released the following statement:  
  
“We would like to thank the pilots who helped us achieve our goal. We appreciate the assistance of each and every one of you.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Redi Market in the Lambda Arae system.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-03-08   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 622 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Labour of Ross 151  
  
Kamchairra Allied Services  
  
Independent CK Arietis Green Party  
  
LP 302-22 Jet Electronics Comp  
  
Strigenses Netcoms Solutions  
  
Synteini Industries  
  
Tailtsur Blue General Comms  
  
HIP 96943 Public Industry  
  
Labour of 70 Ophiuchi  
  
Gwiones Travel Exchange  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 624 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
47 Ursae Majoris Dynasty  
  
LP 387-31 allied   
  
Liberals of LP 102-320  
  
League of LHS 529 First  
  
Liberty Party of Lodhary   
  
Arevakimos Hand Gang  
  
Bureau of Unktock Front  
  
Union of Malina Confederacy  
  
Stein 2051 Services  
  
Nationals of 10 Theta Piscium  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Privateer’s Alliance Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-04-13   
  
A spokesperson for the Privateer’s Alliance has announced that its appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Barjavel Station, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
Construction will now begin on a new military installation in the HIP 33368 system to resist the Thargoid threat.  
  
The Privateer’s Alliance has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Barjavel Station in the HIP 33368 system.  
  
# Senator Steps Out with Socialite  
  
3301-03-12   
  
Senator Patreus and Aisling Duval have been spotted together at a number of popular nightspots in Capitol this week, leading some social commentators to speculate that the two may have become romantically involved.  
  
If true, the association could potentially secure Senator Patreus’s bid to become the leading voice of the Empire. While Aisling herself is not currently considered a serious contender for the Imperial Throne, her pairing with the Senator could provide the leverage he needs to secure support from a large portion of the Senate, particularly from those who are currently throwing their weight behind Chancellor Blaine.  
  
When asked for comment, both Senator Patreus and Aisling Duval refused to answer any questions regarding their possible relationship.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: The Only Winners are the Lawyers  
  
3302-03-08   
  
Controversial chef Oliver Gordon experienced a different kind of heat today, as he was served with a writ demanding he change the name of his restaurant 'PanGalactic'.  
  
Lawyers for the Pan Galactic Mining Corp told members of the press that: "Our clients want to make clear that this restaurant and its head chef have no connection whatsoever to their corporation. As such, they have served notice regarding the name 'PanGalactic', and will pursue the case vigorously.  
  
Legal experts are intrigued by the case as it could set a precedent for galaxy-wide intellectual property rights. Professor Janus of the Federal Bar Council ventured that: "It would be an interesting case, if it were heard, although it does highlight the need for more closely aligned intellectual property law.  
  
It seems Oliver Gordon's no-holds-barred approach to cuisine may have thrown him from the frying pan into the fire.  
  
Commander Matzov  
  
# Community Goal: Canonn Launches Campaign  
  
3303-05-11   
  
The Canonn Interstellar Research Group has announced plans to construct a new deep-space research vessel to support its mission of apolitical collaborative research. The purpose of the ship – which will be called the Gnosis – is to aid explorers and scientists from various fields, and to provide facilities for pilots conducting scientific research in deep space.   
  
The LTT 377 Allied Co, on behalf of the Canonn, has placed an open order for indium, computer components and tea, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Zoline Port in the LTT 377 system. The organisation has also launched a bounty hunting campaign to protect traders travelling to Zoline Port.   
  
Dr Arcanonn, head of Canonn, released the following statement:  
  
“The need for such a resource is undeniable, and I hope it will fulfil the needs of both the scientific community and the wider galactic society.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 11th May 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Pirates vs Thargoids?  
  
3304-04-14   
  
A new independent report suggests that piracy has declined across occupied space since the return of the Thargoids.  
  
Dr Jin Rameer, who runs a socio-political think tank, made the following observations in her report:  
  
“Statistics show a significant reduction in piracy and criminal behaviour since the Thargoid presence was confirmed. But the reason has not come under scrutiny until now.”  
  
“Has the presence of an alien threat dampened felons’ appetite for preying on fellow humans? It’s widely understood that communities become stronger when faced with a common enemy, so perhaps one positive consequence of the Thargoids’ return is the dissolution of barriers between social groups.”  
  
“Alternatively, those attracted to piracy may find a greater – and less morally troubling – thrill in turning their weapons on non-human targets. Whether or not their motives are altruistic, criminal elements may be transforming into defenders of the very societies they have previously terrorised.”  
  
But a spokesperson for security forces in the Pegasi Sector responded:  
  
“Dr Rameer needs to get out of her comfortable office and into the black. The Kumo Crew have raided dozens of systems in recent months, taking advantage of the fact that our forces are tied up with the Thargoids. Believe me, Archon Delaine sees the Thargoids as an opportunity, not a common enemy. The pirates don’t care if the galaxy burns, as long as their pockets are full.”  
  
# Launching the Colonies  
  
3301-03-12   
  
Almost a thousand years ago, a corporate colonisation project from Earth set out on a trip to find a new home among the stars. The colonists settled in the Sirius system, where they became one of the leading suppliers of drive fuel anywhere in the galaxy, and so the Sirius Corporation was born.  
  
The Sirius Corporation has a long history of colonising worlds beyond the borders of occupied space, which is why the Sirius Corporation is pleased to announce that it will be returning to its roots with the launch of 9 new colonial outposts, all of which should start being deployed within the next 14 days.  
  
The 9 systems chosen to act as new homes to Sirius Corporation colonists are:  
  
The Wredguia Colony Cluster  
  
Wredquia SX-L D7-92  
  
Wredguia SX-L d7-91  
  
Wredguia WD-K D8-66  
  
Wredguia QA-N b34-4  
  
Wredguia XD-K d8-78  
  
Sirius Outposts  
  
Gliese 97.2   
  
HIP 8396   
  
Col 285 Sector WA-L b9-3  
  
CAO Junga  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-05-11   
  
A spokesperson for the Alliance has announced that its appeal for construction materials has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Darwin Research Facility in the California Sector BV-Y c7 system.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, the Alliance released a brief statement:  
  
“Without the support of the galactic community it would have taken months to amass these materials, but now we are in a position to start work straight away. Those who supported this campaign have our sincerest gratitude.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Darwin Research Facility in the California Sector BV-Y c7 system.  
  
# Patreus Calls on Blaine to Release Emperor’s Medical Records  
  
3301-03-12   
  
In an address delivered to the Imperial Senate earlier today, Senator Denton Patreus has called on Chancellor Blaine to provide the Senate with full access to the ailing Emperor’s medical records.  
  
“The current situation is untenable,” the Senator said. “How long are we expected to simply accept that Emperor Hengist is on the road to recovery? It’s been months now and there’s been no sign of the Emperor making a recovery of any kind. For the sake of the entire Empire, we need to know whether or not Emperor Hengist is ever going to be able to reclaim the throne. If Emperor Hengist really is getting better, then Chancellor Blaine should release the Emperor’s medical records to show the Senate that there is nothing to worry about. If not, we need to establish what needs to be done to secure our citizens’ future.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-03-09   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Ishmael Palin on the Road to Recovery  
  
3302-03-09   
  
Following news that Professor Ishmael Palin was among those rescued in the recent operation against the Blue Hand Gang, medical personnel at Wilkes Orbital have released a statement concerning the professor's current condition:  
  
"The professor has suffered significant mental and physical trauma, and given his age the magnitude of his experience shouldn't be underestimated. But so far he's shown remarkable resilience, and we're confident he'll make a full recovery.  
  
No information regarding the specifics of Professor Palin's abduction was forthcoming, but it is hoped he will make a full statement soon.  
  
# Galactic News: Canonn Campaign Extended  
  
3303-05-12   
  
The appeal from the Canonn Interstellar Research Group for materials for a new research vessel has received an unprecedented level of support. The organisation has therefore decided to extend its original targets.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released the following statement:  
  
“The level of support from the galactic community is truly amazing. We have therefore decided to add new cash tiers to our campaign so we can bolster the ship’s specifications, and amass a quantity of material for the scientific voyages the Gnosis has been designed for.”  
  
“This also gives more of the community an opportunity to contribute to this historic campaign.”  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-04-15   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval’s comments about Aegis have attracted a measure of support. One Imperial senator suggested that Duval had “correctly gauged the mood of the people”, while another commentator suggested that her comments were a sign of maturity.  
  
Meanwhile, an independent report suggests that piracy has declined since the return of the Thargoids. The author of the report has suggested that the presence of an alien threat has dampened felons’ appetite for preying on fellow humans. Security forces in the Pegasi Sector have refuted these suggestions, however.  
  
The Empire has announced plans to build a new training centre for novice pilots, and has placed an open order for research materials and mined resources for use in the construction. Once complete, the centre will be home to a state-of-the-art training programme designed to create the next generation of starship pilots.  
  
In other news, astronomers based in the Sol system may have detected a signal from New Horizons, a space probe launched in 2006 with a mission to study various objects in the Kuiper belt. One of the astronomers responsible for the find gave details of the object’s approximate location, and encouraged explorers to seek it out.  
  
Finally, a spokesperson for the Atlas Corporation has announced that its campaign to build a megaship has reached a successful conclusion. A parallel initiative from the Privateers Alliance has also achieved its aims, after the organisation’s appeal for commodities was enthusiastically received by the galactic community.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Full Scale Attack on Polahukuna Postponed  
  
3301-03-13   
  
Following the declaration of war by President Halsey earlier today, the Federal Navy’s attack on Polahukuna has been postponed indefinitely. Instead the newly built Capital Ship , the FNS Nevermore, will be diverted to help with the offensive against Lugh.  
  
Unfortunately, due to the actions of Operation Arm Chop , the FNS Nevermore is not yet equipped with a full contingent of fighters. As a result, the FNS Nevermore will not be able to set off for Lugh until the construction of its personal fleet is complete.  
  
Core Dynamics estimate that it will be another six or seven days before the FNS Nevermore will be able to join Federal forces in their attack on Lugh, until which time it will remain safely harboured in Hudson Dock.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-05-17   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-04-18   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Altshuller Port, Monoto  
  
Antonelli Station, HR 1201  
  
Asire Arena, Dakondunii  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
Corte-Real Terminal, 19 Phi-2 Ceti  
  
Hansen Station, HIP 95256  
  
Harvey Ring, Gl 606.1 B  
  
McDivitt Port, Wolf 1022  
  
Reed Dock, Monoto  
  
Solovyev Colony, Carcinus  
  
Talos 1, Peregrina  
  
Talos 2, Peregrina  
  
Thomas' Claim, Telin  
  
Wye-Delta Station, Carcinus  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Bokeili Ring, HIP 33368  
  
Farmer Laboratory, Ling Deti  
  
Ford Hub, Khaka  
  
Hutton Dock, Khaka  
  
Kanwar Orbital, Tz'utuls  
  
Kremmen's Respite, Kioti 368  
  
Rand Dock, HIP 33368  
  
Rigaux Survey, HIP 22229  
  
Tanner City, V886 Centauri  
  
Walker Port, HIP 14886  
  
Wegner Market, Rind  
  
Wollheim Vision, Fuelum  
  
Young Station, Ling Deti  
  
# Galactic News: Bluford Orbital Nears Completion  
  
3302-03-10   
  
LHS 3447 Dynamic and Co has announced that the campaign to construct a new starport in the LHS 3447 system has reached a successful conclusion. All the necessary materials for the starport have now been received, and the agitators disrupting delivery operations have been neutralised. A spokesperson for the Pilots Federation, which helped to organise the campaign, released a brief statement:  
  
"Once again the galaxy's independent pilots have demonstrated their remarkable commitment and resolve. This new starport will facilitate travel and trade throughout LHS 3447, and serve as a testament to the dedication and altruism of the galactic community.  
  
Bluford Orbital is expected to open its doors in the next few days.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Peace in Her Time: A Profile of Jasmina Halsey  
  
3304-04-20   
  
Independent journalist Chukwuma Grant has published an article on peace activist and former Federal President Jasmina Halsey. Grant has described the report as a wide-ranging analysis that addresses “the political impact of a politician renouncing politics”.  
  
Key extracts from the article are reprinted below:  
  
“Some believe that Jasmina Halsey always intended to defect from the Federation and join the Alliance, where she currently acts as an advisor to Prime Minister Edmund Mahon. Others assert that after years of inhumane politics, her conscience broke through – that she sought meaning by helping others and striving for concord between the powers.”  
  
“But it was Starship One’s destruction that transformed Halsey – something that she herself could not possibly have planned. Her subsequent ‘visions’ made her politically toxic, at least as far as the Federation was concerned, allowing her to simply walk away from presidential life. In that escape pod, she escaped from more than an exploding ship – she escaped her previous self.”  
  
“Critics argue that Halsey’s extraordinary claims of encountering super-intelligent beings and seeing paradise are meaningless without evidence. And yet, in a cosmos containing Thargoids and Guardians, can they be easily dismissed? Or are her outlandish claims designed to cultivate a following among the disenfranchised and make her into a messianic figure?”  
  
“If Halsey is walking a deliberate path, it remains an unstable one. Many in the Alliance have questioned why their leader is taking advice from a former psychiatric patient, let alone an ex-Federal President. Whether she is a visionary, a lunatic or a brilliant political manipulator remains to be seen.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# The War for Lugh  
  
3301-03-13   
  
President Halsey has today officially declared war on the Crimson State Group.  
  
Ownership of Lugh has been hotly contested in recent months. The movement for an independent Lugh, led by the Crimson State Group, had managed to achieve a staggering 91% approval rating among the local populace. However, the figures are heavily disputed by the Lugh for Equality Party, which has recently released statistics claiming that less than 30% of the population are actively engaging in the political process.  
  
GalNet sources close to the President have suggested that the upcoming attack will be launched from within Lugh itself. Loyal Federal pilots who want to assist with the reclamation of Lugh should sign up for active duty aboard Hartsfield Market, although Federal mercenaries are advised that it may be several days before backup arrives.  
  
In response to the declaration of war, Éamonn Uí Laoghaire has declared that the Crimson State Group will be offering very generous payouts to any independent pilots who choose to side with Lugh in the upcoming conflict against the Federation. Mercenaries interested in taking the Crimson State Group up on its offer should sign up for active duty aboard Balandin Gateway.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Expanding the Federal Fleet  
  
3302-03-10   
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson has announced plans to create a new arm of the Federal Navy known as the People's Navy, supported by local corporations rather than Federal taxation. The Navy will be established with a new Farragut Battle Cruiser, to be added to the 54th fleet. The new vessel will be capable of transporting multiple Federal Corvettes in addition to boasting an array of heavy weaponry. Captain G.C. Richards, who is overseeing construction of the new ship, issued a brief statement to the media:  
  
"This new battle cruiser will occupy a significant role in the Federal Navy, strengthening our borders and enhancing the profile of our armed forces. In the interest of completing production as efficiently as possible, we have authorised the Beta Hydri Corporation to reimburse pilots who deliver essential supplies to our base of operations at Stevenson Base. This is an opportunity for those loyal to the Federation to support a vitally important initiative.  
  
The campaign begins on the 10th of March 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Trouble in Colonia  
  
3303-05-18   
  
Recent reports indicate that a number of unauthorised outposts have been detected in the Eol Prou Lw-L C8-215 system. A spokesperson for the Colonia Council confirmed that these outposts are currently occupied by group of agitators, which have already begun targeting pilots in the system.  
  
The Colonia region is a popular emigration destination, but entry is carefully controlled by the system’s governing body, the Colonia Council. Evidently, the system’s latest residents are unconcerned with the Council’s processes.  
  
With the Colonia community still at an early stage and lacking a comprehensive security force, it is relying on the galaxy's independent combat pilots for military support. The Junkyard Dogs has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in Eol Prou Lw-L C8-215, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Tolagarf's Junkjard.  
  
The campaign begins on 18th of May 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The Rekohu Project  
  
3304-04-20   
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises, one of the Empire’s key suppliers of foodstuffs and other consumables, has announced plans to build a Bowman-class science vessel.  
  
The construction initiative, dubbed the Rekohu Project, will allow the organisation to increase the biodiversity of its crops. Once complete, the megaship will be deployed to the PLAA AIN Sector to research life on Earth-like worlds.  
  
The organisation’s spokesperson, Commander Blain Crighton, released the following statement:  
  
“For a civilisation with near-limitless energy and the ability to cross the stars in the blink of an eye, how is it that we still have systems experiencing famine? The Rekohu Project is an effort to change that, and to find new ways to keep even the poorest fed.”  
  
In support of this goal, Angeli Imperial Enterprises has placed an open order for various commodities, promising to reward pilots who deliver these goods to Kanai Enterprise in the Blido Piru system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering goods to the starport can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 19th of April 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Blaine Refuses Patreus’s Request  
  
3301-03-14   
  
Chancellor Blaine made a rare appearance at today’s Senate meeting in order to address remarks made earlier in the week by Senator Denton Patreus.  
  
“It is with regret that I must deny the honourable Senator’s request to access the Emperor’s medical records. As has always been the case, for reasons of national security his Majesty’s medical records are only accessible by the Emperor’s personal physicians. Should his Majesty's condition change in any way, for better or for worse, I will make sure to inform the Senate as soon as possible. Until such an event comes to pass, I will continue to act in the Emperor’s stead, according to his will. As for the question of succession, that will be addressed when the situation calls for it and not before.”  
  
# Community Goal: Canonn Launches Outpost Campaign  
  
3302-03-10   
  
The Canonn Interstellar Research Group has launched a campaign to construct a state-of-the-art research outpost in the Col 285 Sector IX-T d3-43 system to support its ongoing research into the Unknown Artefacts. As part of this initiative, the organisation has placed an open order for palladium, promising to generously reward pilots who deliver the necessary materials to Thompson Dock in the Varati system.  
  
A spokesperson for the Canonn released a statement to the media:  
  
"Given the failure of Professor Palin's recent attempt to establish a research outpost in the Maia system, I am aware that certain sections of the galactic community may receive our request with scepticism. But the fact is that the study of the Unknown Artefacts is still of great importance, and it is essential that a dedicated research outpost be established, far from the civilian population, where they can be safely investigated.  
  
The campaign begins on the 10th of March 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Zeus Bureau Appeal  
  
3303-05-18   
  
A press release from the Zeus Bureau, an organisation based in Zeus, has revealed that the system will soon host a gathering of some of the galaxy's most influential people. Figures from the worlds of politics, commerce and culture are scheduled to convene at KatherineB for what is promised to be "an event of unparalleled opulence".  
  
With the event scheduled to take place next week, the Zeus Bureau has placed an open order for a range of luxury goods, promising to reward those who deliver these commodities to KatherineB in the Zeus system.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released a brief statement:  
  
"Some of the most powerful people in the galaxy will attend this event, so it is of the utmost importance that our guests want for nothing. We have therefore placed open orders for Giant Irukama Snails, Kamitra Cigars and Lavian Brandy. We are confident that, with the support of the galactic community, we can create a truly memorable event.  
  
The appeal begins on 18th of May 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Rind Gold Electronics Org Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-04-20   
  
The Rind Gold Electronics Org Campaign has announced that its campaign has reached a successful conclusion. Large quantities of research materials and mined resources were delivered to Wegner Market over the past week, allowing the Empire to proceed with the construction of a new pilot-training centre.  
  
A spokesperson for the Rind Gold Electronics Org released the following statement:  
  
“As the dangers facing humanity become more potent, we must not become overly reliant on technology. Instead we must seek to cultivate the human mind, and unlock its boundless potential.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Wegner Market in the Rind system.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Imperial Pageant for Prism Senator  
  
3301-03-15   
  
In an apparent show of solidarity for the visiting Senator and in protest at her perceived shabby treatment at the hands of her Federation hosts, dozens of independent Commanders have volunteered to escort Lady Kahina Tijani Loren's Imperial Courier through Federal space for the duration of her trip.  
  
The unofficial escort is primarily composed of Imperial Cutters in private ownership, causing acute embarrassment to the Federation, who are powerless to prevent newsfeed images of what appears to be a sizeable Imperial fleet gallivanting unchallenged against the unmistakeable backdrop of core Federation worlds.  
  
Lady Kahina was briefly interviewed by The Mars Herald and was asked, "What do you think of your welcome into Federal space?  
  
She replied with "When I receive one, I shall let you know.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Lave Radio Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3302-03-10   
  
The Lave Radio Network has announced that its campaign to create a new interstellar transmitter has been a resounding success. The galactic community responded enthusiastically to the campaign, delivering large quantities of Cherbones Blood Crystals to Lave Station for use in the new transmitter. In a brief statement, the network extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign:  
  
"We would like to thank all those who responded to our appeal, and helped to keep us broadcasting. We promise to take better care of this transmitter, and not to use its parts to fix the vending machine.  
  
The Lave Radio Network confirmed that the new transmitter would be operational within a matter of hours.  
  
# Galactic News: Canonn Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-05-18   
  
A spokesperson for the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has announced that its appeal for indium, computer components and tea has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Zoline Port. The campaign also received the support of hundreds of combat pilots, who protected traders contributing commodities to the campaign. Construction of the deep-space research vessel Gnosis is now underway.  
  
The organisation’s leaders have extended their gratitude to those who supported the campaign.   
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Zoline Port in the LTT 377 system.  
  
# Imperial Senator Murdered  
  
3304-04-21   
  
Imperial Senator Nestor Cartesius has been found dead at his home on Capitol. Regional media streams have confirmed that his death is being treated as a homicide.  
  
Captain Seutonia of the Imperial Internal Security Service conveyed the facts at a press conference:  
  
“The body of Senator Cartesius was discovered in the early hours of this morning. There were no signs of a struggle, but we did discover a note that we assume was deliberately placed there by the murderer. The note read: ‘For Jameson’.”  
  
“As is well known, last year the ship of historical figure Commander John Jameson was located, following his final mission on behalf of the now-defunct Intergalactic Naval Research Arm. Presumably, this is the Jameson to whom the note refers.”  
  
“IISS analysts have confirmed that Nestor Cartesius was directly descended from a senior member of the INRA. We therefore believe that this crime is connected to the recent rediscovery of INRA outposts. Our working hypothesis is that the motive was revenge, driven by perceived misconduct on the part of both the INRA and Cartesius’s ancestor.”   
  
Captain Seutonia concluded by saying the investigation was ongoing.   
  
Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval made a brief statement:  
  
“The Empire has lost one of its staunchest champions – one whose name will never be forgotten. Rest assured that we will do everything in our power to find those responsible and bring them swiftly to justice.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Hudson Questions Halsey’s Motives  
  
3301-03-16   
  
Shadow President Hudson has released a scathing attack on the President’s offensive against the Crimson State Group, calling it “nothing more than a petty attempt to show strength at the cost of hundreds of thousands of innocent lives”.  
  
He went on to say:  
  
“The fact that our troops are doing well in Lugh is a testament to the excellent training programmes offered by the Federal Navy. It is certainly no thanks to the actions of our supposedly esteemed President, who sent our troops off to war without adequate support or supplies. Indeed, if anyone should take credit for the current success of the Federation’s strike teams, it is the loyal Federal pilots who flew in from all over the galaxy to answer the President’s premature call to wage war against our own people.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Reports Surface of Mysterious Attacks  
  
3303-05-19   
  
Reports have surfaced of mysterious attacks in the Maia system, where eyewitnesses claim to have found the remains of a number of Federal vessels.  
  
According to reports, the damage to the ships’ hulls was not consistent with any known form of weaponry. Furthermore, several observers claim to have seen the so-called unknown ships at the wreckage sites. Attempts to intercept the ships were unsuccessful.  
  
Chief of Federal Security Admiral Aden Tanner, who is understood to be investigating the mysterious ships, addressed the reports:  
  
“These claims are certainly troubling, but I would remind you their veracity has not yet been verified, and I would urge the public to remain calm. Rest assured that we are investigating the matter.”  
  
## Thargoid  
  
# Freelance Report: Buckyball Spring Break Controversy  
  
3302-03-11   
  
Accusations of reckless endangerment have been levelled at the Buckyball Racing Club regarding its upcoming Spring Break chauffeurs event. Commander Seneh, the event organiser, had this to say:  
  
"This event is a community outreach programme. There will be no 'first place', or prizes. While it is true that the club will give performance scores to participating pilots, those scores will be based on the happiness and safety of the escorted students, not on distance travelled or speed.  
  
She continued: "All participants are Pilots Federation members, but some are still provisional, myself included! We appreciate that having a documented safety rating from a Grant Academics sanctioned event will help our careers, so we intend to respect our passengers and fly with the utmost care.  
  
Veteran Buckyball pilots will escort students from the Exigus campus of Grant Academics to the biggest tourism hotspots in the region between the 18th and 26th of March.  
  
Commander Jak  
  
Buckyball Racing Club  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-04-22   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Imperial Senator Nestor Cartesius has been found dead at his home on Capitol. His death is being treated as a homicide. A note found at the crime scene and believed to have been written by the murderer read: ‘For Jameson’. It has been confirmed that Cartesius was descended from a senior member of the INRA and it is assumed that the motive for the killing was revenge, driven by perceived misconduct on the part of both the INRA and the senator’s ancestor.  
  
Independent journalist Chukwuma Grant has published an article on peace activist and former Federal President Jasmina Halsey. In the article, Grant is open minded about Halsey’s claims of encountering super-intelligent beings, while suggesting that her statements might be designed to cultivate a following among the disenfranchised. Grant concludes by saying: “Whether she is a visionary, a lunatic or a brilliant political manipulator remains to be seen.”  
  
Meanwhile, Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced plans to build a Bowman-class science vessel. Once complete, the megaship will research life on Earth-like worlds and allow the organisation to increase the biodiversity of its crops. In support of this goal, Angeli Imperial Enterprises has placed an open order for various commodities, and placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
Finally, the Rind Gold Electronics Org has announced that its campaign has reached a successful conclusion. Large quantities of research materials and mined resources were delivered to Wegner Market over the past week, allowing the Empire to proceed with the construction of a new pilot-training centre. A spokesperson for the Rind Gold Electronics Org said: “As the dangers facing humanity become more potent, we must seek to cultivate the human mind, and unlock its boundless potential.”  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# The Lugh Report  
  
3301-03-16   
  
The fighting has been fierce in the Lugh system this past weekend. Hundreds of thousands of ships have been shot down and millions have lost their lives in the opening salvo of the war.  
  
Federal pilots are currently dominating the skies of Lugh, where they outnumber the native Crimson State Group 2 to 1. The Crimson State defences are in particularly bad shape, with reporters on the ground claiming that we are just days away from the first CSG outpost falling to the Federal Navy.  
  
However, reports are coming in that spies loyal to the Crimson State Group are currently working to seriously undermine the Lugh for Equality Party on their home station of Hartsfield Market. If the undercover operatives succeed at their task before the Federation manages to stamp them out, the Crimson State Group could snatch Hartsfield Market (and control of the system) from out of the Federation’s grasp.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Halsey Stages Anti-War Protest  
  
3303-05-20   
  
Former Federal president Jasmina Halsey held a public demonstration in the Alioth system yesterday in protest of the ongoing conflict between the Empire and the Federation.  
  
More than 30,000 people attended the event, which lasted for several hours and occupied one of the main public plazas in Nerah City on Argent’s Claim.  
  
A number of high-profile speakers and activists addressed the crowd, although Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon was notable by his absence. Political commentators were quick to point out, however, that the demonstration could not have taken place without his foreknowledge, if not his explicit approval.  
  
In an address to the crowd, Halsey said:  
  
“As a 20th Century historian once wrote, ‘The underlying reason for war is always economic.’ This conflict has nothing to do with freedom or liberation – it is about resources. And I believe enough people have died to line the pockets of already wealthy individuals in the Federation and the Empire.”  
  
“I speak now directly to President Zachary Hudson and Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval: It is not too late for you to listen to reason.”  
  
Neither the Empire nor the Federation elected to respond to Halsey’s statement.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Prism Senator Continues to Woo Federation Residents  
  
3301-03-17   
  
Lady Kahina Tijani Loren's unofficial entourage has begun a tour of the outer gas giants in the Sol system. Hundreds of privately owned Federation-registered vessels have turned out to greet the Senator, in lieu of an official welcome, as she continues her passage through the Sol system despite continued apathy from officials.  
  
Requests for interviews from the diplomatic representatives on Mars have been turned down, but one, rather stressed, aide was quoted as saying, "Listen. We have no intention of jumping through hoops for some jumped-up Imperial prima donna who won't do the paperwork properly. That's off the record, yes?  
  
Questioned on this at a Merchants Guild reception hosted on Titan, Lady Kahina was quoted as saying, "We Imperials often do get accused of being arrogant and overbearing, but at least we're good at it.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Expansion List  
  
3302-03-12   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,223 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Ryujingit Silver Hand Gang  
  
CD-65 76 Empire Pact  
  
LP 58-247 Silver State Corp  
  
Biataxo Coalition  
  
Mirnga Monarchy  
  
Friends of Varramool  
  
Ofaye Aibe League  
  
Kruger 60 Free  
  
Karasiginn Co  
  
LP 466-235 Fortune Corporation  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Halsey Stages Anti-War Protest  
  
3303-05-21   
  
Former Federal president Jasmina Halsey held a public demonstration in the Alioth system yesterday in protest of the ongoing conflict between the Empire and the Federation.  
  
More than 30,000 people attended the event, which lasted for several hours and occupied one of the main public plazas in Nerah City on Argent’s Claim.  
  
A number of high-profile speakers and activists addressed the crowd, although Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon was notable by his absence. Political commentators were quick to point out, however, that the demonstration could not have taken place without his foreknowledge, if not his explicit approval.  
  
In an address to the crowd, Halsey said:  
  
“As a 20th Century historian once wrote, ‘The underlying reason for war is always economic.’ This conflict has nothing to do with freedom or liberation – it is about resources. And I believe enough people have died to line the pockets of already wealthy individuals in the Federation and the Empire.”  
  
“I speak now directly to President Zachary Hudson and Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval: It is not too late for you to listen to reason.”  
  
Neither the Empire nor the Federation elected to respond to Halsey’s statement.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-04-25   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Antonelli Station, HR 1201  
  
Asire Arena, Dakondunii  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
Ford Hub, Khaka  
  
Hutton Dock, Khaka  
  
Kanwar Orbital, Tz'utuls  
  
Solovyev Colony, Carcinus  
  
Thomas' Claim, Telin  
  
Walker Port, HIP 14886  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Ali Point, Pehuti  
  
Asimov Dock, Omicron Ursae Majoris  
  
Auld Platform, Djirupatha  
  
Baudin Relay, Li Chen Yun  
  
Bear Settlement, HIP 32350  
  
Born Hub, Amemakarna  
  
Bulychev Laboratory, Lyncis Sector KM-V b2-3  
  
Canonn Institute, Col 285 Sector IX-T d3-43  
  
Eskridge Mine, Saptara  
  
Extra Refinery, Azrael  
  
Gaiman Beacon, Onyayp  
  
Holdstock Beacon, Kamchadals  
  
Kimberlin's Inheritance, Lyncis Sector DQ-Y c9  
  
Makeev Plant, Lyncis Sector MH-V b2-3  
  
Noli Enterprise, HIP 32135  
  
Piccard Escape, Lyncis Sector DQ-Y c15  
  
Pike Works, Agarahma  
  
Qureshi Enterprise, Khaka  
  
Raymo's R and R and R, Cardea  
  
Robinson Landing, HIP 32350  
  
Russell Platform, Alklhaluana  
  
Shaikh Mines, Agarahma  
  
# Freelance Report: Midweek Buckyball Madness  
  
3302-03-14   
  
With less than a week until the Spring Break race, the Buckyball Racing Club is running a short 'Midweek Madness' event to get racers warmed up.  
  
'Buckey Ball Raleigh' is a fuel-restricted race from Buckey Ring in NLTT 57216, via Ball Dock in CD-37 641, to Raleigh Orbital in Ross 720. The race is open to all but will run for just three days, from the 15th to the 17th March 3302.  
  
Commander furrycat  
  
# Utopia Plans for Humanity’s Extinction  
  
3304-04-26   
  
An announcement from Simguru Pranav Antal, leader of Utopia, has addressed the possibility that humanity may lose the conflict against the Thargoids.  
  
“For many years, our Sim-Archive has bridged the past and the future by digitally preserving the memories of countless deceased individuals. Should there come a time when our physical selves no longer exist, it is the Sim-Archive alone that will preserve humankind’s essence.”  
  
“As such, in these volatile times, our priority is to ensure that the Sim-Archive survives humanity’s potential extermination. We urge all galactic citizens to join Utopia and help the collective soul of our species live on.”  
  
Commander Solveig Smith, who has fought the Thargoids in the Pleiades, commented:  
  
“Antal makes it sound like we are about to be wiped out, which is far from the truth. Things are tough right now, but we’re a long way off having to convert the whole human race into software!”  
  
A more practical concern was raised by Marquis Felix Novantico, a retired military strategist for the Imperial Navy:  
  
“Pranav Antal’s pessimism notwithstanding, an increase in security for his Sim-Archive is logically sound. The data it contains makes it a valuable prize for our enemy. Should the Thargoids gain access to it, it could lead to a better understanding of human psychology, and allow them to anticipate our tactics more effectively.”  
  
# Rebels Declare War on the Federation in 78 Ursae Majoris  
  
3301-03-17   
  
The system of 78 Ursae Majoris, home to over 10 billion people, has erupted into civil war today. The conflict started just hours after news broke that the frontier system was planning to announce its intention to secede from the Federation.   
  
We spoke to local resident and farmer, Gryph Jones, who woke up this morning to find he now lives near one of the heaviest focal points of the conflict. He had this to say on the matter:  
  
"Pah! The Federation! Now, I won't say I support this war, the revolutionaries are monsters and criminals, but the inability of the local Federal government to keep things under control is exactly why those folks are so unpopular here! The Feds are too busy playing with Lughnatics and Onionheads half a galaxy to focus on places like this - maybe both sides will kill each other off, I can't help but think we'd be better off for it.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-05-23   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Archambault Installation, Formorians  
  
Bolotov Gateway, Arakwibut  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Czerny Station, Cairne  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Hermite Dock, Fan Cechehe  
  
Litke Mines, Wolfberg  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
Schilling Dock, Huaich  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
The Bone Yard, Tas  
  
Tyson Gateway, LTT 16548  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Griffiths Horizons, Ruchbah  
  
Laplace Ring, Kongga  
  
Mitchell Base, HIP 19147  
  
# Freelance Report: Eating Your Words  
  
3302-03-14   
  
Controversial chef Oliver Gordon was humiliated yesterday when he lost his battle over the 'PanGalactic' trademark. The cordon bleu has been forced to close his restaurant to meet spiralling legal costs.  
  
The case began when the Pan Galactic Mining Corp issued a writ demanding that Gordon change the name of his 'PanGalactic' restaurant and pay substantial damages for infringing on intellectual property.  
  
A spokesperson for the Pan Galactic Mining Corp released the following statement:  
  
"The Pan Galactic Mining Corp has a right to defend its brand, but we are disappointed that Chef Gordon did not accept our offer to become our preferred catering partner.  
  
Gordon gave a characteristically colourful response:  
  
"I'm the galaxy's greatest artisan chef and I will not degrade my art for anyone. I'd rather eat a printed hotdog than work for Pan Galactic making sandwiches for business seminars.  
  
Commander Matzov and Commander Gan  
  
Zaonce Market Circular | Interstellar Press  
  
# The Biggest Party of 3304  
  
3304-04-27   
  
The Vadimo Patrons of Law, an Imperial organisation based in Vadimo, has announced plans to host an elaborate soirée in the Vadimo system.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation elaborated on the nature of the event:  
  
“Let’s be honest, things aren’t great at the moment. We’ve got aggressive aliens on the doorstep and no one seems entirely sure what to do about it. So we thought – why not throw a big party? Give the people of Vadimo a chance to forget about their worries for a night. We want this to be the best party the system has ever seen. Or at least the best one of 3304.”  
  
To ensure that the event is a success, Vadimo Patrons of Law has placed an open order for a range of commodities, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these goods to Sikorsky Station. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to guarantee that those delivering commodities to Sikorsky Station can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 26th of April 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The True North Star  
  
3301-03-18   
  
In a brief written statement submitted to GalNet news, Virgil Kyle, commander of the exploration-fitted Asp Spirit of Indianapolis, claims to have been the first to visit what he calls Sol's ‘true North Star’.  
  
"Wregoe TV-L C24-0 is over 1,200 light-years 'north' of Sol's position in the galactic plane, and less than a light-year from her position otherwise," he goes on to explain. "Due to the jump distances involved, the system is only visitable by Asps and Anacondas fitted to achieve near-maximum jump ranges.  
  
"I know it ain't the flashiest achievement," he admits, "And other explorers have obviously achieved far greater things, but as the star system hadn't yet been visited, I thought it was worth mentioning.  
  
He finished his statement with an invitation to other explorers and sightseers in suitably equipped vessels to visit the area, calling the view of the Milky Way from the system ‘spectacular’.  
  
# Onionhead Returns to Kappa Fornacis  
  
3301-03-19   
  
The Kappa Fornacis Farmers Union appears to be up to its old tricks again, as news has started to come out of the region that Onionhead is once again available in the ports around Panem.  
  
“We aren’t going to be kept down by the man, man,” Georgio Algeria announced to the gathered crowds in the marketplace aboard Harvestport. “You can’t stop the crop. It’s always out there, man. That’s nature, that’s just how it works. The people know what they want, and what they want is 100% organic, original blend Onionhead.”  
  
When asked for comment, President Halsey’s office said that the matter would be dealt with in due course.  
  
# Galactic News: Ishmael Palin Describes Kidnapping  
  
3302-03-14   
  
It has now been over a week since Professor Ishmael Palin and his research team were rescued from a criminal syndicate known as the Blue Hand Gang. Since then, there has been considerable speculation about who might be responsible for the abduction. Although the Blue Hand Gang has been known to trade in human cargo, to date it has not been connected to any kidnapping operations. It is therefore assumed that the gang merely purchased Professor Palin and his colleagues from those responsible for the abduction.  
  
With Professor Palin now having made a full recovery, he released a statement concerning the nature of his ordeal:  
  
"To describe the experience as traumatic would be an understatement. One moment our ship was cruising through space, the next, all hell was breaking loose. A klaxon sounded and our vessel banked sharply. Then I heard an explosion and peered out of the viewport just in time to see our escort ships disappear in a ball of flame. It was immediately clear to me that our assailants were no mere pirates. I felt our ship slow and then stop as it was drawn into the belly of our attackers' vessel. Then the hull was carved open and a handful of black-clad figures poured in. I was unconscious within moments.  
  
"I woke in a darkened room, strapped to a chair. They interrogated me for days, although it was only later that I was able to establish how much time had passed, as it was impossible to keep track of days in my windowless cell. My interrogators were careful never to show me their faces, but I remember the nature of the interrogation clearly enough. Why was I researching the Unknown Artefacts? Who had I shared the information with? I explained that most of what I knew was already a matter of public record, but that did not satisfy them. They were convinced I was withholding something.  
  
"I soon realised my abductors intended to kill me. Presently I was given an injection, and I felt darkness descend. I assumed I had been poisoned, but I now realise I had simply been given a sedative. The next thing I knew, I was lying in a bed in the medical wing at Wilkes Orbital.  
  
Professor Palin was asked if he had any theories about who his abductors might be.  
  
"I do not know the name of their organisation, but I know what they represent: control, oppression, and the obviation of civil liberties. Such organisations have existed for millennia - the banner under which they march is immaterial.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-05-24   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Senator’s Death Raises Questions about INRA  
  
3304-04-28   
  
The murder of Imperial Senator Nestor Cartesius has led to widespread public speculation, along with an increased interest in the activities of the Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm.  
  
Dr Oskar Kincaid, an Alliance historian, examined the backdrop to the case:  
  
“The INRA has always been viewed with suspicion. Contemporaneous records suggest that it was involved in biochemical warfare against the Thargoids during their original incursion in the 3100s. There were even rumours of experimentation on live Thargoid subjects, but at the time many saw this as the only way to halt a superior hostile force.”  
  
“Why this shadowy operation from one and a half centuries ago should now result in an Imperial senator’s death is a matter of conjecture. But there are many documented cases of retroactive retribution, where one family – or its followers – seeks atonement from another. History’s course is often diverted by the flow of bloodlines.”  
  
Jast Fernández, chief editor of an independent media outlet, made more candid observations:  
  
“It’s clear that the killer was motivated by the recent discovery of Commander Jameson’s ship, and the logs that prove he was manipulated and sacrificed by the INRA. If one of Cartesius’s great-grandparents was responsible, of course that would make him a target. And although it’s hard to condone murder, it’s also difficult not to see this as an ethically grey area. The INRA’s betrayal of Jameson is a monstrous injustice that cries out for redemption.”  
  
Imperial newsfeeds featured an appeal from Senator Pal Vespasian:  
  
“The loss of my friend and colleague in the Senate is a terrible tragedy. I ask that Nestor’s family be given space to grieve.”  
  
Captain Niamh Seutonia, who is leading the IISS investigation, also released a brief statement:  
  
“Assumptions regarding Senator Cartesius’s death are unhelpful at this stage. We are currently pursuing forensic leads from the crime scene as well as undertaking background research. I will keep the public apprised of the facts.”  
  
# Galactic News: The Gnosis Takes Flight  
  
3303-05-24   
  
Over the past few days, news feeds in the Varati system have provided extensive coverage of the maiden voyage of the Gnosis, a scientific-research vessel commissioned by the Canonn Interstellar Research Group.  
  
The state-of-the art ship is the result of a community initiative that saw the public contribute huge quantities of material. In fact, the response from the galactic community was so positive that construction was completed ahead of schedule.  
  
The ship has now taken up position in orbit around Varati A6, and has already begun welcoming visitors and dignitaries from the core systems.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-04-29   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal, leader of Utopia, has addressed the possibility that humanity may lose the conflict against the Thargoids. In a public statement, he suggested that the Sim-Archive – a digital repository of human memories – could be the key to humanity’s survival, should the Thargoids overwhelm the human race.  
  
Meanwhile, the murder of Imperial Senator Nestor Cartesius has led to widespread public speculation. One commentator speculated that the killer was “motivated by the discovery of John Jameson’s ship, and the logs that prove he was manipulated and sacrificed by the INRA”. A member of the Imperial Internal Security Service confirmed that the organisation was pursuing forensic leads from the crime scene.  
  
In other news, the Vadimo Patrons of Law have announced plans to host an elaborate soirée in the Vadimo system. A spokesperson for the organisation said, “We’ve got aggressive aliens on the doorstep and no one seems entirely sure what to do about it. So we thought – why not throw a big party?”  
  
Finally, Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced that its campaign to build a Bowman-class science vessel has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Scores of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Kanai Enterprise and by eliminating agitators in Blido Piru, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Security Digest  
  
3302-03-15   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 584 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Beetrix Free  
  
Traditional Snoqui Xian Autocracy  
  
Ross 680 Coalition  
  
Apishna Guardians of Tradition  
  
Mangwe Nationals  
  
Fotla Guardians of Tradition  
  
Earls of Adan  
  
Dominion of Mahimata  
  
Fomovithi Corp.   
  
G 180-18 Resistance  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 598 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Social Chandra for Equality  
  
Thotigue Limited  
  
Social Ba Bhuti Coalition  
  
Timocan Prison Colony  
  
Workers of Exbeur Democrats  
  
Abazi aristocrats  
  
United Ugric Coalition  
  
Arabrigur Emperor's Grace  
  
HR 1014 Patron's Principles  
  
Mahin Partners  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Zeus Bureau Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-05-25   
  
A spokesperson for the Zeus Bureau has announced that its appeal for luxury goods has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of tonnes of commodities were delivered to KatherineB over the week, following an enthusiastic response from the galactic community.  
  
As the initiative drew to a close, the organisation released a statement:  
  
“Every pilot who responded to our appeal has our sincerest gratitude. Thanks to you, the event was an unalloyed triumph.”  
  
Reports indicate that the event’s success has already had a positive impact on the economy of Zeus, as evidenced by the fact that The Midas, a Wells-class carrier, has relocated to the system. It is hoped that the vessel will remain in the region to serve as a commercial hub.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from KatherineB in the Zeus system.  
  
# The Union of Eta Draconis Falls to Force  
  
3301-03-20   
  
Inside sources report that a covert raid, carried out by special operation forces acting on behalf of the Gold Vision Company, has led to the capture of Swift Terminal in Eta Draconis.   
  
According to eye witness accounts, a small team of silent sidewinders managed to penetrate select points of the starport. Special operatives then manoeuvred towards, and captured, the main control terminal. They then shut down all power to the docking bays, allowing the main assault force unrestricted access to the port.  
  
When asked for comment, President Vondell of the Gold Vision Company had this to say:  
  
“We here at Gold Vision are proud of our soldiers who were fighting on the front-lines aboard Swift Terminal and on the surface of B5. I want to give a big thank you to my right hand men and women, the 8th Dragon Squadron. Without them fighting in the black, risking their lives every second, this would have never been possible. This is a new day for us, but rest assured we wish for nothing more than to bring peace and prosperity to the people of Eta Draconis.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Federal Investigation into Farragut Mystery  
  
3302-03-15   
  
An official inquiry from the Congressional Oversight Committee has been launched after reports surfaced of a pirate-aligned Farragut Battle Cruiser striking out at Federation battle groups in the LHS 3447, Fuleum and HIP 16996 systems. The inquiry will also investigate unconfirmed reports of a rogue battle cruiser outside Federation space in the Maia system.  
  
Speaking under condition of anonymity, a source within the closed-door hearing said: "The scans said it was a Farragut and the Navy said it was a Farragut, but it's not one of ours and it had no clear identification code.  
  
Commander Tyrit Shadowstalker  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored in Colonia  
  
3303-05-25   
  
A spokesperson for the Colonia Council has announced that the agitators causing discord in the Eol Prou Lw-L C8-215 system have been eliminated. Hundreds of pilots supported the operation, taking to their ships to tackle the criminals that had taken root in system. The Junkyard Dogs have also confirmed that security personnel have been stationed at the agitators’ outposts to prevent reoccupation.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, a spokesperson for the Junkyard Dogs released a statement:  
  
“Colonia is more than just a system – it is a symbol. It cannot be allowed to fall into a quagmire of criminality and corruption like so many of the core systems. It must be protected. The pilots who purged Eol Prou Lw-L C8-215 of the criminals infesting it have our everlasting gratitude.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Tolagarf's Junkjard.  
  
# Antal’s Pessimism Triggers Backlash  
  
3304-05-04   
  
Many key figures have contested Pranav Antal’s suggestion that humanity could lose the conflict against the Thargoids.  
  
Federal Shadow President Felicia Winters commented:  
  
“It’s surprising to hear such a dystopian prediction from the leader of Utopia! I know Antal’s heart is in the right place when he talks about preparing for the far future, but our focus should be on the present. The Thargoid threat has prompted an unprecedented level of inter-power cooperation, and this positive approach is what we must concentrate on.”  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner made a statement on behalf of Aegis:  
  
“Let me make this clear: our enemy may be powerful, but they are far from achieving victory. With our AX weaponry and new megaships, Aegis is leading an effective resistance against Thargoid forces.”  
  
Further refutation came from Li Yong-Rui, CEO of the Sirius Corporation:  
  
“With all due respect to Antal, his peculiar vision of humanity surviving as a mass of digital ghosts cannot be taken seriously. It’s not as if civilisation is on the edge of collapse – for most of us it remains business as usual. Our survival instincts and ingenuity will keep our societies functioning for a long time to come.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Canonn Scientist Observes Firefly Fandango  
  
3302-03-15   
  
Verity Gavroche, official correspondent for the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, has spoken to Dr Arcanonn about an exciting new discovery:  
  
"Over the weekend I was contacted by a Commander Engalo, who told me he'd observed an interaction between the Unknown Artefacts and the barnacle 'flowers' – the source of the meta-alloys.  
  
"Both the barnacles and the artefacts have features we've nicknamed 'fireflies' – bright specks of light that appear to move of their own volition. Engalo has observed that if you place an artefact near a barnacle, their respective fireflies start flying around together. This continues until the UA is removed.  
  
"I can't thank Commander Engalo enough for bringing this to my attention. With the new lab the community is helping us build, we'll soon be able to observe this behaviour under controlled conditions.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Prism Senator in Illegal Parking Row  
  
3301-03-20   
  
Returning to Earth at the invitation of the Secretary General, Senator Kahina Tijani Loren’s Imperial Courier was tagged with a fine at Mars High apparently due to activating its boosters while still within the station.  
  
Reports indicate this caused a deafening roar within the docking area and even cracked the windows of the docking administration office.  
  
Sources close to Mars High administration were quoted as saying “We are showing restraint! She’s lucky we didn’t obliterate her ship immediately like most parking offenders. What else does she want?”  
  
Deano Blake, a trader whose Adder has been impounded by Mars officials for several weeks due to an inadequately sealed drive plate, told our reporters, “Never really thought much of Imperials before this, but I’ve got hand it to this Kahina gal, she’s got style!”  
  
# Galactic News: Breakthrough in the Fight against Technological Plague  
  
3302-03-15   
  
When Professor Ishmael Palin and his team disappeared en route to Maia b1ba, research into meta-alloys was brought to a near standstill, with only the Canonn Interstellar Research Group continuing to investigate the mysterious material. But recent reports indicate that research has continued in Professor Palin's absence under the helm of Lea Tantaga, a molecular chemist based at Obsidian Orbital.  
  
"We've known for a while that the ongoing technical issues are the result of molecular interference from the Unknown Artefacts," said Tantaga. "What we now know is that meta-alloys can be used to neutralise this interference. In their raw form, the meta-alloys aren't all that effective. And the process of using them to create materials that can counter the artefacts' dangerous self-repair mechanism hasn't yet been perfected. But we're definitely on the right path.  
  
In response to this development, authorities at starports affected by the technological plague have opened their markets to the sale of meta-alloys, no doubt hoping to receive further quantities of the much-needed material and return their outposts to normality. But the harvesting of meta-alloys continues to prove controversial, with some opining that the so-called 'barnacles' from which the materials are derived – and which are destroyed in the harvesting process – should be protected.  
  
# Community Goal: Superpower Expansion  
  
3303-05-25   
  
In recent weeks, both the Empire and the Federation have accelerated their expansion plans in the Maia and Merope systems, deploying dozens of ships and establishing a number of outposts. The latest phase of these campaigns will see both superpowers constructing bases in the Pleiades region.  
  
The Empire has authorised the Merope Expeditionary Fleet to coordinate its campaign, while the Pleiades Resource Enterprise has agreed to oversee the Federal appeal. Both organisations have placed open orders for construction materials, promising to reward pilots who deliver tantalum, building fabricators and thermal cooling units to their respective bases of operation – PRE Logistics Support Gamma for the Federal campaign and Moni's Hub for the Imperial initiative.  
  
Both campaigns begin on the 25th of May and will run for one week. If either the Empire or the Federation meets its targets earlier than planned, its campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Vadimo Patrons of Law Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-05-04   
  
The Vadimo Patrons of Law has announced that its campaign has received the unalloyed support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Sikorsky Station and by eliminating agitators in Vadimo, thereby protecting traders participating in the initiative. The delivered goods will be used to throw an elaborate party for the people of Vadimo.  
  
The Vadimo Patrons of Law has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Sikorsky Station in the Vadimo system.  
  
# Halsey Honours Heroes  
  
3301-03-20   
  
Despite the actions of undercover operatives acting on behalf of the Crimson State Group aboard Hartsfield Market, the Federation continues to dominate the skies of Lugh.  
  
Today President Halsey honours those heroes who have made the greatest contribution to the war effort.   
  
Among them:  
  
Lugh’s top gun, Commander Nightwulf, who has managed to singlehandedly remove almost 14,000 enemy combatants from the field of battle.  
  
Khaka’s top logistics officer, Commander Darius Torkalar, who has personally shipped in 3000 tonnes of weapons into the area.  
  
They have been heavily aided in their efforts by:  
  
Post Commander Crownan  
  
Post Commander Pablo-Diablo  
  
Petty Officer Dave Lukewski III  
  
As well as:  
  
The Broker known as Commander BadBjarne  
  
The Broker known as Commander Ranmust  
  
The Merchant known as Commander Vorian Artreides  
  
## Federation  
  
# Patreus and the Princess  
  
3301-03-20   
  
Senator Patreus and Aisling Duval have been spotted out and about on Faece this weekend. The Empire’s newest power couple took to the fashion halls for a pleasant afternoon shopping spree, accompanied by a vast entourage of followers and hangers-on.  
  
The couple walked hand in hand as security cleared the way for them to enter shops and purchase beverages. The pair spent around three hours perusing the goods on offer in the Faece fashion halls, before retiring to Senator Patreus’s ship for a light dinner.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Game of Shadows  
  
3302-03-15   
  
Various media outlets throughout inhabited space received an anonymous communiqué this morning. "The galactic community is in peril," the message began. "They just don't know it yet.  
  
The transmission asserts a connection between Core Dynamics, the destruction of the Antares and Starship One, the Emperor's Dawn insurgency, and setbacks in Unknown Artefact research. It also claims that the deaths of Federal Vice-President Nigel Smeaton, Sean Richards, Arnold Lowe, Susan Monroe, Elaine Boyd, Emperor Hengist Duval and the disappearances of former Federal president Jasmina Halsey and Professor Ishmael Palin are similarly connected.  
  
The message concluded: "Many of those who have tried to connect these seemingly disparate events have been silenced, along with their sources. That is why I have chosen to remain anonymous. So far, only pawns have been revealed in this shadowy game. We must discover the king.  
  
Neither the Federation nor the Empire has chosen to comment on the transmission.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-05-31   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-05-31   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Archambault Installation, Formorians  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Gaffney Dock, HIP 16538  
  
Griffiths Horizons, Ruchbah  
  
Litke Mines, Wolfberg  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
Mitchell Base, HIP 19147  
  
Schilling Dock, Huaich  
  
Tyson Gateway, LTT 16548  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Kwolek Mines, Bhottada  
  
Norgay Hub, Obambori  
  
Bykovsky Orbital, Gakiutl  
  
Hevelius Terminal, Hatmehing  
  
Lorenz Hub, HIP 118213  
  
# Defending the Sim-Archive  
  
3304-05-04   
  
The Utopia commune has launched a project to build a military installation in its home system to defend the Sim-Archive from potential Thargoid attack.  
  
Dr Leigh Constantinides, a spokesperson for Utopia, made this announcement:  
  
“Following recent observations by the respected strategist Marquis Novantico, we accept that the Sim-Archive requires increased protection to prevent its knowledge from falling into the wrong hands. Our partner organisation, the Narri Justice Party, is therefore overseeing the construction of a new security installation. We beseech the galactic community to support this worthy endeavour.”  
  
Independent pilots are requested to deliver construction materials to Bobko City in the Narri system. To protect traders, the Narri Justice Party has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list operating in the system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 3rd of May 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Covert Organisation Discovered  
  
3304-05-05   
  
The Imperial Internal Security Service has discovered that the murderer of Senator Nestor Cartesius was acting on behalf of a secret organisation.  
  
Captain Niamh Seutonia, leading the IISS investigation into Cartesius’s death, made this statement:  
  
“We had determined Senator Cartesius was killed by a nerve toxin, and that whoever administered it was trained in circumventing security. Our leads pointed to an ex-member of the Imperial Guard now operating as a freelance assassin. We tracked her to her hideout, where she resisted arrest. Unfortunately, in the subsequent exchange of gunfire, we had no choice but to eliminate the assassin.”  
  
“Examination of the killer’s communication equipment confirmed that she was hired to kill Cartesius and deliver the ‘For Jameson’ message. Her employers identified themselves as the League of Reparation. It seems that the motive was indeed revenge – the League’s avowed goal is to secure ‘justice for the victims of the INRA’s crimes’.”  
  
“We are now widening our investigation and establishing a taskforce. The IISS will uncover this organisation and eradicate it before it can commit further atrocities.”  
  
When asked if anyone connected to the INRA might be at risk, Captain Seutonia replied:  
  
“That is a distinct possibility. If the League of Reparation is targeting the descendants of those involved in the INRA’s activities, there are potentially thousands who may be targeted, and not just in the Empire. To that end I have already made contact with my counterparts in the Federation and the Alliance, and invited them to work with our taskforce.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Aegis Responds to Concern over Thargoid Incursions  
  
3304-05-10   
  
There has been widespread disquiet over recent reports that Thargoid ships have been encountered in the core systems.  
  
The level of anxiety is exemplified by political spokesperson Councillor Rasmus Tseng, who said:  
  
“For months now, communities in the core systems have been living in a state of fear, wondering which will be the next to be targeted. The Thargoids have been striking at starports in the region one by one, and nobody is able to stop them! Why are the powers doing so little? Where are our defences, our fleets? Surely the core systems cannot be so vulnerable?”  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, chief military liaison for Aegis, directly addressed these concerns:  
  
“Reports that the Thargoids are encroaching upon the core systems en masse are grossly overstated. Although they have crossed the threshold, all we have seen so far are localised incidents in fringe systems. This is not a full-scale invasion, and it does not warrant large fleet movements of the kind that have been suggested.”  
  
“Rest assured: the enemy is contained. There is no need for panic. Courageous independent pilots, armed with Aegis technology, are doing a superb job at halting the Thargoids’ progress. It’s to be expected that we suffer occasional losses in this conflict, but these do not indicate an impending catastrophe.”  
  
# Eyes on Lugh  
  
3301-03-20   
  
Federal forces continue to dominate the skies of Lugh. The Crimson State Group’s air defences have been all but shredded, with the majority of their fleet now adopting a defensive position around Balandin Gateway and Knight Dock.  
  
Thanks to the actions of a crack troop of Federal Marines, Seega Port was secured with only a handful of soldiers being lost in the process. Federation forces are now working hard to secure Read Gateway for use as a staging post, from which they plan to launch a series of attacks against Crimson State starports.  
  
Despite millions of lives having already been lost in the conflict, rumours from Lugh suggest that the Crimson State Group is preparing a desperate last-minute attempt to stop the Federation from crushing the native uprising.   
  
However, in a sign that the local population may be losing faith in the CSG’s ability to secure the system, hundreds of refugee ships have started to flee from Lugh 6 in a bid to escape the Federation’s wrath.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3302-03-16   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: End of the Road for Damon Clarke  
  
3302-03-16   
  
When the dissident organisation known as Emperor's Dawn was first brought to public attention, a number of high-profile Imperials were discovered to have connections to the group. One of them was Damon Clarke, a prominent industrialist and a member of Princess Aisling Duval's inner circle. According to a report published by the Imperial Herald, one of Clarke's companies had previously sold weapons to Emperor's Dawn, and the revelation plunged Clarke into scandal.  
  
The prominent patron denied all knowledge of the transaction, but his declarations of innocence were undermined when he fled Imperial space. From that point on, no further information regarding Clarke's whereabouts or actions was released to the public.  
  
But now an undisclosed source, which claims to be close to the Imperial Internal Security Service, has shared news of Clarke's fate. A section of the anonymous message is reprinted below:  
  
"As you know, Clarke fled Imperial space when his connection to Emperor's Dawn was discovered. But he didn't get far. The IISS caught up with him in Apathaam and brought him back to Achenar.  
  
"Clarke was looking at a death sentence, but the IISS offered him a deal: give up his contacts in Emperor's Dawn in exchange for a more lenient sentence. Clarke jumped at the offer, and gave up everyone he knew. His information earned him a commuted sentence: house arrest at his home on Capitol. He even got to keep his car. A pretty good deal.  
  
"So time passes and Emperor's Dawn gets its ass handed to it by the Empire. But a few of Clarke's former contacts survive, and they're none too happy about him selling them down the river. With IISS agents stationed at Clarke's home, it wasn't easy for them to get to him, but in the end they succeeded. Poisoned his food, I gather. Nasty way to go.  
  
The Imperial Internal Security Service has declined to comment on the matter.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: The Battle for Jotunheim  
  
3303-06-01   
  
Recent reports from Jotunheim indicate that the Autocracy of Jotunheim, an Imperial-aligned organisation, has entered the system with a remit to bring it under Imperial control.  
  
Regional authorities have opposed the incursion, and have authorised the Revolutionary Jotunheim Resistance to drive the Autocracy of Jotunheim from the system. The Revolutionary Jotunheim Resistance has also issued a call to independent combat pilots for support, promising to reward those who lend their aid. The Autocracy of Jotunheim has issued a similar plea.  
  
Meanwhile, peace activist Jasmina Halsey has surprised commentators by placing an open order for performance enhancers, armour and military grade fabrics, which she has pledged to donate to the Revolutionary Jotunheim Resistance in support of its operation. The Yum Kamcabi Purple Life Industry is coordinating Halsey’s appeal.  
  
Anticipating the furore her decision would cause, Halsey released the following statement:  
  
“I know I will be criticised for intervening in this conflict. But if those who oppose this war believe it can be stopped through peaceful protest alone, they are mistaken. If we do not help the people of Jotunheim, they will lose their homeland. We cannot stand idly by.”  
  
All three campaigns begin on the 1st of June 3303 and will run for one week. If any of the factions involved meets its targets earlier than planned, its campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-05-10   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bear Settlement, HIP 32350  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
Dantec Enterprise, Socho  
  
Edmondson Station, Liv  
  
Extra Refinery, Azrael  
  
Ford Hub, Khaka  
  
Hutton Dock, Khaka  
  
Qureshi Enterprise, Khaka  
  
Raymo's R and R and R, Cardea  
  
Rennie Hub, Yorua  
  
Shaikh Mines, Agarahma  
  
Singer Orbital, Matsya  
  
Solovyev Colony, Carcinus  
  
Thomas' Claim, Telin  
  
Walker Port, HIP 14886  
  
Zindell Enterprise, Waikino  
  
Zindell Laboratory, Lyncis Sector DQ-Y c15  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Sturckow Port, SPOCS 253  
  
Suri Gateway, Vesuvit  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Bobko City, Narri  
  
Hind Mine, T Tauri  
  
Landsteiner Orbital, Bok  
  
Regiomontanus Dock, Tjapurnaru  
  
Salgari Enterprise, Mawa  
  
Tygerlily-Merlyn Pleasuredome, Cardea  
  
Woolley Orbital, Tchernobog  
  
# Faith in President Falling  
  
3301-03-23   
  
Recent popularity polls have scored the President at a shockingly low 26% approval rating, with 43% of those questioned stating that they strongly disapprove of the President’s current policy decisions.  
  
Doubtless the latest developments in the war for Lugh are sure to be of huge concern for President Halsey. Not only has her mismanagement of the war caused the death of countless innocent Federal civilians, many of whom died as a direct result of orders given by the President, but it also now seems certain that Hartsfield Market will fall to the rebel forces.   
  
The Federation’s failure to protect Hartsfield is being blamed on a lack of equipment, a shortage caused in no small part by the President’s failure to ensure the appropriate supply chains were set up prior to launching an attack on Lugh’s airspace.  
  
If something isn’t done to rectify the President’s mistakes soon, the Crimson State Group will capture Hartsfield and with it control of Lugh’s satellite defence system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Sixth Colonia Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-06-01   
  
The sixth Colonia Council migration appeal has come to an end. Hundreds of organisations took part in the campaign, delivering huge quantities of material to Jaques Station in the hope of earning a place in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
The Council is now processing the deliveries to confirm exactly how much has been received. Once the process is complete, the Council will contact the organisations that made the largest contribution, and start work on their new outposts.  
  
# President Orders Strike on Federal Refugees  
  
3301-03-23   
  
Disaster struck in Lugh today, following orders given by President Halsey demanding that Federal pilots attack and destroy an unarmed refugee convoy as it fled from the fighting around Lugh 6. It is estimated that 9,322 innocent Federal civilians lost their lives in the attack.  
  
The President claims that she was presented with evidence by the Joint Intelligence Committee which confirmed that Éamonn Uí Laoghire, leader of the Crimson State Group, would be aboard one of the transports with his entourage.  
  
However, sources close to the Crimson State Group claim that reports of Éamonn’s presence on the refugee ships were nothing more than fabrications.   
  
Shadow President Hudson has sworn that an official investigation into the matter will be launched once the current crisis is over.  
  
# Freelance Report: More Palladium for Dr Arcanonn  
  
3302-03-16   
  
A spokesperson for the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has issued a plea for a final push in the campaign to establish a research outpost at Thompson Dock:  
  
"The response from the community has been incredible, but we need more palladium!  
  
"I know you're tired, but this project is too important for us to give up. I've been living on a particularly strong blend of Varatian coffee, and I understand the local suppliers have made it freely available to all miners. It's great stuff if you don't mind a few heart palpitations.  
  
"We really want to hit the next milestone so we can get a commodities market at the station. If we can do that, Dr Arcanonn will be able to do what he does best.  
  
"So please come and mine for the Canonn between now and Thursday afternoon. The rewards are huge, and the camaraderie among the miners is fantastic.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Galactic News: Superpower Campaigns Conclude  
  
3303-06-01   
  
The Empire and the Federation have released statements announcing the successful conclusion of their respective campaigns. Both superpowers received huge quantities of construction material over the past week, allowing them to start work on new outposts in the Pleiades region.  
  
The Merope Expeditionary Fleet and the Pleiades Resource Enterprise have extended their gratitude to those who supported their campaigns.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the Federal initiative can collect their rewards from PRE Logistics Support Gamma, while pilots who supported the Imperial campaign can collect their rewards from Moni's Hub.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Utopia Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-05-11   
  
The Utopia campaign to construct a military installation in its home system has now concluded. Many traders delivered a huge quantity of construction material to Bobko City, which will be used to build defences for the Sim-Archive. Other independent pilots protected the operation by eliminating pirate vessels.  
  
Utopia’s spokesperson, Dr Leigh Constantinides, expressed her gratitude:  
  
“On behalf of Utopia, I would like to thank everyone who worked so hard to support this project. We hope that this will safeguard the Sim-Archive for the benefit of all our descendants.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Bobko City in the Narri system.  
  
# Late Night Session Held Over Lugh Escalation  
  
3301-03-24   
  
The debate in Congress turned ugly tonight, as members of both parties grilled the President over her mishandling of the Federation’s interests during the last six months.  
  
Particularly hot topics included the heavy-handed ban against Onionhead, the resultant bombing of Panem, the loss of multiple frontier systems to pirates and apathy, as well as her most recent blunders in the handling of the attack on Lugh.  
  
Shadow President Hudson went so far as to remark:  
  
“The Federal Navy handed you victory in Lugh on a silver platter, and how do you thank them? You murder thousands of our own people! The incompetence has to stop and it has to stop now!”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: End of First Season of Galactic Combat Championship  
  
3302-03-16   
  
The first season of the Galactic Combat Championship has come to a spectacular finish. Competitors in the five-week tournament included Adle's Armada, Blood Brothers from Alrai, Ronin of Amarak, Triadius, Contrail, and the Balkan Intergalactic Guerrillas.  
  
Fifteen matches of three rounds were fought every weekend for five weeks, concluding with a spectacular eight vs. eight, winner-take-all match in front of a live audience. Despite many exciting moments, near wins and losses there could be only victor, and that victor was Adle's Armada.  
  
The Armada was a favourite going into the tournament, but few expected them to win every match. The leaders of Adle's Armada gave praise to their competitors: Commanders Poaarctica, Breakfastmelon, Philip J Fry, Truesilver, Finegan, Memoocan, Thatdamnranga and Cosmic Booty.  
  
The second season of the championship is due to start soon, and will is likely feature more groups and match modifiers than the first. Fans of the tournament are already placing bets on the season two winner.  
  
Commander S!LK  
  
# New Prisoner Facilities in Veroklist  
  
3304-05-11   
  
The Empire has announced plans to construct a new Riker-Class Prison Ship in the Veroklist system.  
  
Once complete, the ship will house criminals who accepted a period of Imperial slavery in lieu of a jail sentence, but who have proved to be too dangerous or unstable for such corrective punishment.  
  
The Moritasgus Imperial Corporation, which is overseeing the initiative, has placed an open order for Imperial slaves and non-lethal weapons, promising to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Vaucouleurs Vision in the Veroklist system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure those contributing commodities to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
Moritasgus Imperial Corporation spokesperson Superintendent Arnold Cochran released the following statement:  
  
“We are pleased the Empire has awarded us this contract, and we look forward to the first ships arriving with our new guests.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 10th May 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Mercury Seven Expedition Returns  
  
3303-06-03   
  
After 96 days in deep space, the Mercury Seven expedition will soon return home to the Colonia system. Over the course of the expedition, participating Commanders made many new discoveries in the Orio-Persean Conflux, Wagar’s Reach and Ishtar.  
  
The explorers involved banded together to pay tribute to the Mercury Seven, a group of astronauts from an early spaceflight programme. At the end of their journey, they will present their findings to the Colonia Citizens Network and the wider exploration community.  
  
The expedition is expected to reach its final destination, Colonia Dream in the Eol Prou LW-L C8-76 system, on Sunday the 11th of June 3303 at 18:00.  
  
Admiral Trajan  
  
# Galactic News: Could Jasmina Halsey be Reinstated?  
  
3302-03-16   
  
Following the extraordinary rescue of former Federal president Jasmina Halsey, whose escape pod was recovered from the wreckage of Starship One, questions have been asked about her possible return to power. According to an anonymous source within the Federal government, several senior-level politicians have voiced the opinion that, should she make a full recovery, Halsey ought to be allowed to serve out the remainder of her term.  
  
Simon Newell, a legal advisor to the Federal government, spoke to the Federal Times earlier today.  
  
"There's no direct precedent for this situation, so it's hard to be certain. I know some members of government believe Halsey should be reinstated, but my feeling is that such an outcome is unlikely. When Halsey disappeared she was already facing a vote of no confidence, and her presidency was officially terminated so a new president could be elected. My suspicion is that if there were a legal challenge, the law would uphold the vote of no confidence recorded at the time.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-05-13   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
There has been widespread disquiet over recent reports that Thargoid ships have been encountered in the core systems. Admiral Aden Tanner, chief military liaison for Aegis, addressed these concerns, saying, “Reports that the Thargoids are encroaching upon the core systems en masse are grossly overstated. The enemy is contained.”  
  
Meanwhile, a multi-agency taskforce investigating the League of Reparation, the organisation responsible for the murder of Senator Nestor Cartesius, has made significant progress. Captain Niamh Seutonia of the IISS confirmed that the League is better organised and more widely spread than first suspected, and that all evidence points to an extremely committed group.  
  
The Empire has announced plans to construct a new Riker-Class Prison Ship in the Veroklist system. Once complete, the ship will house criminals who accepted a period of Imperial slavery in lieu of a jail sentence, but who have proved to be too dangerous or unstable for such corrective punishment. The Moritasgus Imperial Corporation is overseeing the initiative.  
  
Finally, The Utopia campaign to construct a military installation in its home system has now concluded. Many traders delivered a huge quantity of construction material to Bobko City, which will be used to build defences for the Sim-Archive. Other independent pilots protected the operation by eliminating pirate vessels.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# The Battle for Hartsfield  
  
3301-03-24   
  
In what can only be described as a devastating blow for the Federation, the Crimson State Group and the Sons of Conn have managed to wrestle control of Hartsfield Market from the Lugh for Equality Party.   
  
The fighting in the halls of Hartsfield was particularly bloody, with tens of thousands having been killed on both sides of the conflict. Federal forces managed to hold the bridge for almost 78 hours after the rest of the station fell, but the Sons of Conn were eventually able to break through the Federation’s defences to claim their prize.   
  
Reports coming in from Hartsfield Market suggest that the Crimson State Group is currently in the process of accessing the station’s command protocols. They are expected to be in full control of the station shortly.   
  
Hartsfield Market is home to the master controls of Lugh’s military defence network, ownership of which will allow the Crimson State Group to exert their influence across the entire system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Barnacles Targeted by Unknown Ships  
  
3303-06-03   
  
Recent reports from the Pleiades Sector OI-T c3-7 system indicate that the so-called Unknown Ships have begun interacting with the region’s barnacles.  
  
Eyewitnesses report that the ships have been seen targeting the barnacles with some kind of energy beam, apparently in order to extract matter from them. Pilots have also reported that their ships and SRVs spontaneously lose power while in proximity to the Unknown Ship.  
  
The news follows reports that the Unknown Ships have been seen at the locations of mysterious attacks in the Maia system.  
  
We will continue to bring you up-to-the-minute reports on this issue.  
  
## Thargoid Barnacle Events  
  
# Alliance Admiral Murdered by League of Reparation  
  
3304-05-17   
  
A member of the Council of Admirals, which commands the Alliance Defence Force, has been murdered. The League of Reparation has claimed responsibility.  
  
Fleet Admiral Tulimaq Buchanan was travelling to a naval ceremony at Lave Station when his private vessel was attacked and destroyed. The admiral’s personal staff and the ship’s crew were also killed.  
  
Moments later, the following message was transmitted to news feeds across the galaxy:  
  
“We do not forget the crimes of the INRA. We do not forgive those who carry their guilt. For Jameson.”  
  
Chief Inspector Kay Kilbride, a founding member of the tri-superpower taskforce investigating the League, delivered the following statement:  
  
“We are treating this attack as an act of terrorism from the League of Reparation. Fleet Admiral Buchanan’s family history verifies that one of his forebears was a senior commander in the INRA prior to settling down on Lave over a century ago.”  
  
“We are working to identify the attackers, who somehow managed to avoid local security forces. There’s evidence to suggest that the League’s assassins are being aided by sympathetic individuals in positions of influence. Our investigation continues.”  
  
The Alliance Assembly released a joint statement:  
  
“This is a sickening and cowardly act of aggression that has cost us dearly. Such a brutal assault on our people and values cannot go unpunished.”  
  
Commodore Riri McAllister spoke on behalf of the Alliance Defence Force:  
  
“A replacement member for the Council of Admirals will soon be appointed. In the meantime, we are doing all we can to support the taskforce in tracking down these criminals.”  
  
# Navy Withdraws from Lugh – Fighting Continues  
  
3301-03-25   
  
Following last night’s special session, Congress has decided to temporarily pull the Federal Navy from active duty in Lugh. Navy vessels are currently in the process of being diverted to Qureshi Enterprise in Khaka, where they will remain until such time as Congress decides on how to best end the current conflict.  
  
Despite the official withdrawal of the Federal Navy, Lugh continues to find itself embroiled in an ongoing civil war between the Crimson State Group and the Lugh for Equality Party. The outcome of which is still far from certain.  
  
So far on the Federal side, Lugh for Equality has managed to gain control over the skies of Lugh. On the other side of the war, the native Crimson State Group has managed to take a significant advantage in terms of acquiring armaments for their ground troops.   
  
The Federal forces need more guns, while the CSG need more dedicated combat pilots. With millions of residents having already lost their lives in the fight for an independent Lugh, it seems that neither group will give up the fight without a decisive outcome.  
  
# Community Goal: Terraforming Vennik 1  
  
3302-03-17   
  
For decades, the Revolutionary Party of Vennik has been terraforming the planet Vennik 1, slowly transforming it into a habitable world. With the ambitious project about to enter its final stage, the organisation has placed an open order for terrain-enrichment systems with which to prepare the planet's surface for agricultural development.  
  
A spokesperson for the Revolutionary Party of Vennik released a brief statement:  
  
"Terraforming a planet takes decades, so we're delighted to be entering the final stage. Our aim is to establish an agricultural economy on Vennik 1 so it can contribute to the production of food and medicine in the Vennik system. With the support of the galactic community, we will soon be able to reap the benefit of our efforts.  
  
The organisation has promised to reward those who deliver the much-needed commodities to Nixon Enterprise in the Vennik system. The campaign begins on the 17th of March 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Wilkes Orbital in Need  
  
3302-03-17   
  
The normally peaceful Wilkes Orbital has been the focus of considerable attention in recent weeks. First, the starport was at the centre of a campaign to drive the Blue Hand Gang from the nearby Orulas system. Then authorities at the station announced that the escape pods recovered in the operation contained Professor Ishmael Palin and the other members of his research team. Now it seems that the majority of those recovered from the criminals, including Professor Ishmael Palin, have been infected with a strain of Cerberus Plague, the deadly pathogen that claimed millions of lives last year.  
  
Governor Lawrence, the principal administrator of Wilkes Orbital, has released a statement to the media:  
  
"The situation is certainly serious, but it's important to keep things in perspective. At present, the disease is confined to those who were rescued from the Blue Hand Gang, so it should be perfectly possible to keep it contained. The pertinent task is to cure the infected.  
  
Governor Lawrence was asked how he intended to proceed.  
  
"This is a new strain of the Cerberus Plague, one we've never seen before. But it seems that Ceremonial Heike Tea, which was used to cure the original strain of the plague, is also effective against this version of the disease. We have therefore issued an open order for Ceremonial Heike Tea with which to cure the infected. Any surplus tea will be stockpiled in anticipation of further outbreaks, although I should stress that such a scenario is extremely unlikely.  
  
The appeal for Ceremonial Heike Tea begins on the 17th March 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-06-07   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Veroklist Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-05-18   
  
A spokesperson for the Moritasgus Imperial Corporation has announced that its appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Vaucouleurs Vision, and by protecting traders in the Veroklist system.  
  
Moritasgus Imperial Corporation spokesperson Superintendent Arnold Cochran released the following statement:  
  
“We are pleased that the faith shown in us by the Empire has been rewarded. The expansion of facilities means we can now safely contain some of the worst criminals in the Empire.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Vaucouleurs Vision in the Veroklist system.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Demand for Original Onionhead Higher Than Ever  
  
3301-03-25   
  
Thousands of traders have started flocking back to Kappa Fornacis following the announcement that Onionhead is once again available for sale onboard Harvestport.  
  
Demand for the original strain of Onionhead has remained high over the last few months, despite (or perhaps due to) the Federation’s attempts to completely wipe the plant from the face of the galaxy. Street prices for the totally organic narcotic had skyrocketed by several hundred per cent, although the price is expected to level out again now that a new supply has become readily available.  
  
For now the Onionhead trade on Kappa Fornacis is being allowed to continue unabated, but once the war in Lugh is over, the Federation is sure to turn its attention back to the farmers of Panem.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Collaborative Effort to Restore Ackerman Market  
  
3302-03-17   
  
Ackerman Market in Eravate is just one of the stations affected by the plague. Before it was shut down it was a popular rest stop for Commanders embarking on new careers in space. Just a few days ago its commodities market reopened, and a huge demand for meta-alloys has been reported.  
  
Responding to this, an alliance comprising Commanders Kermit Laphroaig, ThatDamnRanga, Ollobrains, Zenith Ddraiglas and others has formed, which hopes to saturate the market at Ackerman with meta-alloys so the starport can be restored to working order.  
  
A joint statement reads:  
  
"Everyone wants Ackerman online, so we're putting aside our differences to make it happen. We hope Commanders of all allegiances will join us in this collaborative effort, which starts immediately and will run until the station is operational again.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-06-07   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Archambault Installation, Formorians  
  
Bykovsky Orbital, Gakiutl  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Hevelius Terminal, Hatmehing  
  
Lorenz Hub, HIP 118213  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
Mitchell Base, HIP 19147  
  
Norgay Hub, Obambori  
  
Tyson Gateway, LTT 16548  
  
# Salvage and Rescue Operation  
  
3304-05-18   
  
A convoy travelling through the core systems has come under attack from a pirate group, and local authorities are requesting assistance in finding survivors.  
  
The operation is being coordinated by Security Chief Tal Wo?niak of United Carnoeck for Equality, who made this announcement:  
  
“The convoy came under intense fire from pirates, with many ships damaged or destroyed. We immediately dispatched search-and-rescue teams, but the volume of debris is significant, and we are therefore requesting help from any independent pilots in the area.”  
  
“Our priority is to locate survivors, but we’re also keen to acquire data that might help to bring those responsible to justice.”  
  
Pilots are requested to recover Occupied Escape Pods, Black Boxes and Wreckage Components, and deliver them to Bacon City in the Carnoeck system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 17th of May 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The War for Lugh: A Temporary Peace  
  
3301-03-26   
  
The strike against Federal civilians by the Federal Navy, coupled with the capture of Hartsfield Market a few hours later, caused mass confusion and disenchantment among Federal pilots operating in the area. Mercenaries who had previously fought for the Federation began defecting en masse, bolstering CSG forces to the point where they almost equalled the Federal forces in size.  
  
As a result of having gained control of Lugh’s satellite defence system during the capture of Hartsfield Market, the Crimson State Group managed to force the retreat of the Federal battlecruiser from its position around Lugh 11. Then, with the help of thousands of mercenary defectors, the Crimson State was able to re-establish control over the majority of Lugh’s airspace.  
  
For now the Federal Navy has retreated to fallback positions in Khaka and other local systems. Reports from Lugh suggest that the Lugh for Equality Party has established a ceasefire with the Crimson State Group, as both parties attempt to agree on what course of action would be best for the people of Lugh.  
  
The system is still rife with unrest. The war has caused the local populace to resent both the Crimson State Group and the Federal Congress. Although the CSG has managed to establish their dominance over the system, whether they can keep it in the face of internal and external opposition still remains to be seen.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-06-07   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Archambault Installation, Formorians  
  
Bykovsky Orbital, Gakiutl  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Hevelius Terminal, Hatmehing  
  
Lorenz Hub, HIP 118213  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
Mitchell Base, HIP 19147  
  
Norgay Hub, Obambori  
  
Tyson Gateway, LTT 16548  
  
# Galactic News: Canonn Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3302-03-17   
  
The campaign from the Canonn Interstellar Research Group to establish a new research outpost in the Col 285 Sector IX-T d3-43 system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering palladium to Thompson Dock, prompting a spokesperson for the Canonn to release a brief statement:  
  
"We are immensely grateful to those who supported this campaign. With more Unknown Artefacts being discovered every day, it is more important than ever that we have access to a dedicated research outpost. Hopefully, the new station will become one of the galaxy's foremost centres for UA research.  
  
# Galactic News: Conflict in Jotunheim Draws to a Close  
  
3303-06-08   
  
Authorities in Jotunheim have announced that the operation to drive the Autocracy of Jotunheim from the system has succeeded.  
  
The organisation entered the system in order to bring it under Imperial control, but the Revolutionary Jotunheim Resistance was swiftly mobilised to repel the incursion.  
  
Both factions issued calls for support, and hundreds of independent combat pilots responded, but ultimately the Revolutionary Jotunheim Resistance emerged victorious. The Autocracy of Jotunheim has now withdrawn from the system.  
  
The success of the resistance operation was due in no small part to the support of Jasmina Halsey. Scores of pilots responded to her request for commodities, which were then donated to Revolutionary Jotunheim Resistance.  
  
As the conflict drew to a close, representatives of the Revolutionary Jotunheim Resistance and the Yum Kamcabi Purple Life Industry thanked those who supported their operations.  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict can now collect their rewards from Big Harry's Monkey Hangout in the Jotunheim system.  
  
# Colonia Project Requests Microresources  
  
3304-05-18   
  
Scientists in Colonia are investigating the region’s potential to support larger populations in the future.  
  
Professor Alexei de la Vega, who is leading the research, published this statement:  
  
“Over the past few years the region’s population has expanded ferociously, so it has become a priority to investigate how Colonia might support even greater numbers, and what kind of infrastructure would be required.”  
  
“This research requires a range of specialised materials, for which we’re prepared to pay handsomely. With these, we can evaluate Colonia’s true potential.”  
  
The campaign is being run by the Colonia Co-operative, one of Colonia’s partner organisations, which has asked pilots to deliver microresources to Foster Terminal in the Coeus system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 17th of May 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The War for Lugh: The Turning Point  
  
3301-03-26   
  
The turning point in the war came during the Federation’s attack on Read Gateway.  
  
Cormac Uí Laoghire led the defence of the outpost personally, and after several days of fierce fighting, the Crimson State Group finally managed to achieve their first victory by successfully defending Read Gateway.   
  
However, the reality is that it was more a failure on President Halsey’s part than a victory on behalf of Crimson State. The defence only succeeded due to the Federation running dangerously low on weapons for their troops.  
  
As soon as it became apparent that the Federation was having difficulty acquiring the weapons they needed to end the war, the Crimson State Group took advantage of the military intelligence obtained during Operation Dullahan to attack Hartsfield Market.  
  
The battle for Hartsfield Market lasted for almost 5 days, during which time the Federation managed to establish complete dominance over the skies of Lugh. Unfortunately for President Halsey, air superiority alone was not enough to win the war, a fact she soon learned when the CSG tricked her into ordering a strike against Federal refugees attempting to flee the conflict.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: New Farragut Battle Cruiser Complete  
  
3302-03-17   
  
The Beta Hydri Corporation has announced that the Federal campaign to construct a new Farragut Battle Cruiser is now complete. According to a company spokesperson, the galactic community responded positively to the appeal, resulting in the rapid construction of the new Federal vessel. Captain G.C. Richards, who oversaw the project, released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"The Federation extends its gratitude to all those who supported this initiative. Your hard work has given the Federal Navy a potent new asset.  
  
Captain Richards went on to single out a pilot by the name of Commander Khemsa, who made the largest single contribution to the initiative. President Hudson has even extended the honour of naming the new ship to Commander Khemsa in recognition of their singular contribution.  
  
The new ship is expected to embark on its inaugural voyage soon.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-05-18   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
Ford Hub, Khaka  
  
Hind Mine, T Tauri  
  
Hutton Dock, Khaka  
  
Regiomontanus Dock, Tjapurnaru  
  
Rennie Hub, Yorua  
  
Singer Orbital, Matsya  
  
Solovyev Colony, Carcinus  
  
Thomas' Claim, Telin  
  
Walker Port, HIP 14886  
  
Woolley Orbital, Tchernobog  
  
Zindell Enterprise, Waikino  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Sturckow Port, SPOCS 253  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Fort Lawrence, Exioce  
  
Hansen Platform, Jimavi  
  
Kirk Dock, CD-75 661  
  
MacLeod Hub, Naunin  
  
Macmillan Depot, Exioce  
  
Miller Terminal, Exioce  
  
Vaucouleurs Vision, Veroklist  
  
# The War for Lugh: Federal Domination  
  
3301-03-26   
  
The past fortnight has seen a devastating war rage through the once peaceful nation of Lugh.  
  
The Crimson State Group, led by Éamonn Uí Laoghire, has long sought to establish Lugh as an independent system. However, it wasn’t until Éamonn attempted to gain support from Alliance officials that things began to get violent.  
  
Fearful that yet another rich, powerful system would soon leave the Federal fold, President Jasmina Halsey ordered the Federal Navy to suppress the populist uprising. Thousands of Federal pilots flocked to obey the President’s command, and in the early stages of the war, the Federation dominated the skies of Lugh. Countless Sons (and daughters) of Conn lost their lives in an attempt to stop the Federal Navy from simply crushing the rebel forces.   
  
Their sacrifice bought time for the Crimson State Group to come up with a plan. As the Federation continued to rampage its way through the system, members of the Dukes of Mikunn, Emperor’s Grace and the East India Company engaged in guerrilla tactics to keep the Federation’s attention away from the work being carried out by the main CSG strike force.  
  
Splitting their forces in two, the Crimson State Group focused on obtaining enemy intelligence and collecting weapons for their ground troops. All the while, they made sure to deliberately avoid engaging in open conflict with the vast Federal fleet.  
  
Despite the valiant efforts of the CSG allied fleet, the Federation managed to tear through the Crimson State’s air defences, exposing the CSG-controlled outposts to a series of attacks by Federal marines. The Federation looked unstoppable as they stormed through Seega Port unchecked.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Unknown Explorer Returns From NGC 3199 Nebula  
  
3301-03-27   
  
In a press release submitted to GalNet news, Commander Swift Arrow is announcing his recent return from the NGC 3199 Nebula. Swift Arrow is claiming to be the first explorer to fully map out the entire NGC 3199 Sector, and the 2nd explorer to visit the nebula (the 1st was Commander Celmascant). According to the data turned in to Universal Cartographics, all but 5 of the 750 systems in the NGC 3199 Sector have been fully scanned for the first time by Swift Arrow.  
  
The 35,000 light year journey started with an excursion to the Butterfly Nebula before heading to NGC 3199 and finally back to civilized space, a trip lasting approximately 5 weeks. Representatives from the Sirius Corporation, Patron's Principles, Chapter of Isinor, the Alioth Independents and the Sublime Order of Van Maanen's Star have expressed great interest Swift Arrow's findings. The data was sold piece meal to each organization, who made various bids ranging from 7.1 to 11.2 million credits for specific high value systems. However, the largest bidder by far was the Patron's Principles, who paid a whopping 37.3 million credits for a lion's share of the data. The total value of the exploration data was just shy of 71 million credits.  
  
Swift Arrow has issued a statement saying that he intends to release a guide to the NGC 3199 sector shortly in order to aid future explorers in further research of the area, including a short list of recommended points of interest and systems to avoid.  
  
# Galactic News: Empire Troubled by Federal Campaign  
  
3302-03-19   
  
Last week, Federal President Zachary Hudson announced plans to construct a new Farragut Battle Cruiser in the Federal system of Beta Hydri. The production of the ship was designed to mark the inauguration of a new arm of the Federal Navy known as the People's Navy. One Federal source said the ship would "occupy a significant role in the Federal Navy, strengthening our borders and enhancing the profile of our armed forces".  
  
The Empire made no response to the announcement, but an anonymous source from the upper echelons of Imperial society has now revealed that Admiral Denton Patreus has expressed concern over the Federal initiative. In a message released to a number of media feeds, the anonymous source said:  
  
"The construction of a new ship, even a warship like the Farragut, isn't necessarily a cause for concern. But we have reason to believe that the Federation intends to significantly expand its Navy over the coming months, and naturally this has the Admiral Patreus worried. If the Federation did indeed embark on a campaign of military fortification, it's likely the Empire would respond in kind.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Knights of Karma Appeal  
  
3303-06-08   
  
Over the past year, the Qa’wakana system has become a focal point for the Knights of Karma, a rapidly expanding organisation that has attracted support from across the galaxy. Now the group has announced plans to establish a new mining facility among the rings of Qa’wakana 6.  
  
A spokesman for the organisation released a statement regarding the proposal.  
  
“Plans for the facility are underway, but we will need the support of the galactic community if the project is to succeed. We are therefore offering generous remuneration to pilots who deliver construction materials to Carpini Terminal in the Qa’wakana system.”  
  
The spokesperson added that the organisation had placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list.  
  
“The construction of this new facility is sure to aggravate those who want to preserve the status quo, and we are expecting resistance. So we’re asking combat pilots to help us protect innocent traders from persecution.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 8th of June 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Fringe Doomsayer Cults on the Rise  
  
3304-05-19   
  
An increasing number of religious movements in the core systems are proclaiming that humanity is on the verge of destruction.  
  
Awareness of the issue has been raised by independent reporter Gethin Okonkwo, who published an article outlining the phenomenon:  
  
“The return of the Thargoids has led to the emergence of dozens of radical groups. Although their nature varies, the message is the same: the apocalypse is coming.”  
  
“Some of these groups are distinctly religious in flavour. The Church of the Eternal Void, for example, preaches that the war for human souls is almost lost. Their view of the Thargoids as ‘demons from a hellish universe’ and the Guardians as ‘beings of light who have decreed us unworthy of salvation’ runs along classic theological lines.”  
  
“Others, such as Generation Omega, stoically accept that our time is almost over. They state that ‘superior spacefaring lifeforms will naturally destroy inferior ones, just as our own cultures have overrun each other since prehistory’. Generation Omega plans to build mass euthanasia centres for planetary populations, declaring that the human era deserves to end in a dignified manner.”  
  
“Of course there have always been ‘doomsayers’, and naturally our governments refuse to accept them as legitimate. But that hasn’t stopped these organisations from attracting thousands of citizens and millions of credits, with their followers growing in number rapidly.”  
  
“During wartime, many people become desperate for the certainty that such belief systems provide. We are likely to see these radical elements increase their influence as long as the shadow of the Thargoids falls over us.”  
  
Authorities in the core systems responded to Okonkwo’s article by restating that the Thargoid threat is being controlled and that such fearmongering is unwarranted.  
  
# Freelance Report: CIMA Prepares for Final Sprint  
  
3302-03-22   
  
Maxim 'VicTic' Kammerer, chief engineer of the Carmack Intergalactic Mining Association, has released a statement concerning the ongoing CIMA prospectors' competition:  
  
"We are very pleased that, with your help, we have been able to double the amount of known pristine metallic ring locations, most of which are very close to the bubble. Now we need to prepare for the final sprint.  
  
The competition will end on the 3rd of April 3302. Any data on pristine metallic rings should be reported before this date.  
  
Karen Keish  
  
Theta Wave News  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-06-14   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Archambault Installation, Formorians  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Hevelius Terminal, Hatmehing  
  
Macgregor Orbital, Kakmbutan  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Bykovsky Orbital, Gakiutl  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Hernandez Observatory, Sugrivik  
  
Jeury Silo, Obambori  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-05-20   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
A member of the Council of Admirals, which commands the Alliance Defence Force, has been murdered. The League of Reparation has claimed responsibility. It has been confirmed that an ancestor of the victim, Fleet Admiral Buchanan, was a senior commander in the INRA. It has also been suggested that the League’s assassins are being aided by sympathetic individuals in positions of influence.  
  
Meanwhile, an increasing number of religious movements in the core systems are proclaiming that humanity is on the verge of destruction. The return of the Thargoids has led to the emergence of dozens of radical groups, and although their nature varies, the message is the same: the apocalypse is coming. Authorities have responded by restating that the Thargoid threat is being controlled.  
  
Scientists in Colonia are investigating the region’s potential to support larger populations in the future. Professor Alexei de la Vega, who is leading the research, published this statement: “Over the past few years the region’s population has expanded ferociously, so it has become a priority to investigate how Colonia might support even greater numbers, and what kind of infrastructure would be required. This research requires a range of specialised materials, for which we’re prepared to pay handsomely.”  
  
In other news, a convoy travelling through the core systems has come under attack from a pirate group, and local authorities are requesting assistance in finding survivors. Search-and-rescue teams have been despatched, but the volume of debris is significant, and independent pilots in the area have been asked to lend their support.  
  
Finally, a spokesperson for the Moritasgus Imperial Corporation has announced that its appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Vaucouleurs Vision, and by protecting traders in the Veroklist system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Falisci: Democracy Denied  
  
3301-03-27   
  
In recent weeks the tiny system of Falisci has become a hotbed of activity.  
  
First came the war against the Falisci Purple Gang, which saw Senator Patreus and the Citizens of Tradition dominate the region with their superior firepower and overwhelming numbers. By the end of the week long struggle, the Falisci Purple Gang’s leadership was in chains, and its members sold off to work as Imperial Slaves.  
  
Then the Social Falisci Party, backed by a coalition of Federal squadrons, began attempting to exert their influence over the system. Imperial pilots fought back until it became clear that the Federation had grown tired of its futile attempts to overthrow the rightful rulers of the region.  
  
The region may be devastated and its people may be in chains, but the Emperor’s peace has finally come to Falisci.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Diplomatic Summit in Alioth  
  
3302-03-22   
  
A summit for the Alliance of Independent Systems was held at Irkutsk Station this week, attended by ambassadors and diplomatic envoys from an array of political backgrounds. Eleven fleets, from both Alliance and Independent governments, were represented.  
  
The main topic under discussion was establishing a framework for a quick-response force to protect parties from the growing threat of Imperial and Federal expansion. Other Topics included factional sovereignty, self governance, the benefits of free trade, and the role of communication in maintaining civility across diverse cultures.  
  
Commander Noir1787 | Radio Sidewinder reporter  
  
Alioth Guardian | Interstellar Press  
  
# Galactic News: Knights of Karma Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-06-15   
  
The Knights of Karma have announced that their plan to establish a new mining facility in the Qa’wakana system has been warmly received by the galactic community. The organisation’s targets for materials have been met, and work on the new facility is expected to start soon.   
  
A spokesman for the Knights of Karma released a statement:  
  
“This is a landmark day for the people of Qa'wakana. The cost of the construction materials will be recouped from the minerals mined at the new facility, and local markets will be able to realise their full potential. The pilots who assisted us have our everlasting gratitude.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the campaign can now collect their rewards from Carpini Terminal in the Qa’wakana system.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-05-23   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Boe Orbital, Abast Samo  
  
Hansen Platform, Jimavi  
  
Hutton Dock, Khaka  
  
Kirk Dock, CD-75 661  
  
Rennie Hub, Yorua  
  
Singer Orbital, Matsya  
  
Solovyev Colony, Carcinus  
  
Thomas' Claim, Telin  
  
Vaucouleurs Vision, Veroklist  
  
Walker Port, HIP 14886  
  
Woolley Orbital, Tchernobog  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Sturckow Port SPOCS 253  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Brady Ring, MET 20  
  
Bowell Port, Itzamnets  
  
Stackpole City, Lugger  
  
Maausk, Maausk  
  
Mitchell Dock, Meene  
  
# Alliance Shines Light on Prism Senator  
  
3301-03-27   
  
In an open letter addressed for the attention of Senator Kahina Tijani Loren, Alliance representatives from Alioth have extended an invitation for her to visit their star-systems with the assurance the her trip will be free from “bungling bureaucracy, petty-minded procrastinators and deranged docking debacles.”  
  
Apparently Lady Kahina’s visit was placed on the agenda at a recent diplomatic exchange between the Alliance and the Federation with assurances sought by Alliance representatives that “somebody competent would be checking the paperwork in detail, and if at all possible, that landing pads could be reserved in advance.”  
  
Lady Kahina is currently being entertained on Earth, where she was greeted by enthusiastically cheering crowds on arrival at the historic Cambridge spaceport before being taken to London to be met by Ambassador Waite.  
  
The Mail on Mars even commented that “We should have more Senators drop in for visit, she’s done more for Imperial Federation relations in a month than all those ambassadors have done in decades.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Further Superpower Expansion  
  
3303-06-15   
  
As the Empire and Federation continue to consolidate their presence in the Pleiades star cluster, both superpowers have announced new expansion initiatives centred in the region.  
  
The Empire has declared its intention to bolster its Navy with a new Well-class Carrier, one of the largest vessels of its kind, while the Federation has announced plans to establish an asteroid base among the rings of HIP 17692 A4 in the HIP 17692 system.  
  
Both superpowers have placed open orders for construction materials, promising to reward those who support their respective campaigns. The Merope Expeditionary Fleet has been authorised to coordinate the Imperial campaign, while the Pleiades Resource Enterprise has agreed to oversee the Federal initiative.  
  
Both campaign begin on the 15th of June 3303 and will run for one week. If either superpower meets its targets earlier than planned, its campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Explorers Needed for Alliance Colonisation Programme  
  
3301-03-27   
  
Beyond the borders of occupied human space, the vast mysteries of the universe are waiting to be discovered. The last thousand years of human history have been shaped by our combined ability to travel through the stars in search of a better future.   
  
Yet what has humanity done with this precious gift? The same thing we’ve always done. We wasted it.  
  
Greed and war run rampant throughout the galaxy, and the concept of freedom has become nothing more than a buzzword spewed by people who have never known it.  
  
The Alliance knows there’s a better way, but to prove it they need YOUR help.  
  
For the next two weeks, the Alliance of Independent Systems will be collecting exploration data for an exciting new colonisation initiative due to launch later this year.   
  
Commanders interested in working with the Alliance should deliver any information they’ve uncovered in relation to potential colony sites to Purple Power Interstellar aboard Ziemkiewicz Ring in Tsu.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-03-23   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: The Thargoids have Returned  
  
3303-06-16   
  
Over the past few days, media streams have been abuzz with news that the so-called Unknown Ships are in fact Thargoid vessels, as many had speculated. The Federal Times, having spent several days confirming sources and authenticating reports, has now published an in-depth account of the events that led to the revelation.  
  
It is understood that Professor Ishmael Palin, a leading authority on xeno-biological research, determined the vessels’ origin by comparing data from the Unknown Ships with older Thargoid samples. Palin’s experiments resulted in conclusive proof that the Unknown Ships were Thargoid.  
  
A short time later, Palin’s data was seized by Federal agents, who attempted to convey it to a Federal research facility. But in a shocking turn of events, the ship carrying the data was attacked en route to its destination. There is strong evidence to suggest the attack was executed by Thargoid vessels.  
  
The incapacitation of the Federal vessel resulted in the information entering the public domain. But the cryptic nature of the data meant that The Federal Times was compelled to conduct further research before publishing its report.  
  
In its story, the Federal Times also posited that the barnacles may be of Thargoid origin, given their relationship with the Thargoid ships, but stopped short of suggesting a link between the Thargoids and the Unknown Probes and Artefacts, which many also believe to be non human objects.  
  
Meanwhile, the public mood was best summarised by Kelvin Masters, a freelance journalist, who contributed the following to the Rewired news feed:  
  
“Look at the history books. Every time we’ve met the Thargoids, there’s bloodshed. We need to prepare for the worst. I mean, they’ve already attacked human ships! What kind of contingencies do the superpowers have in place? And what do we know about the Thargoids’ capabilities? What kind of weapons do they have? What kind of defences? And why did the Federation take Palin’s data? Were they trying to keep it quiet? These questions need to be answered!”  
  
The leaders of the galaxy’s three superpowers are expected to make statements shortly.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Temporary Tax Freeze Announced  
  
3304-05-24   
  
A galaxy-wide suspension of revenue tax has been announced. All three superpowers are supporting the freeze, which will see profit margins for everyday commodities increase.  
  
The temporary alleviation will allow fiscal authorities to complete a much-needed evaluation of galactic taxation.  
  
The news is expected to be warmly received by traders, who will earn more for their goods for the duration of the moratorium.  
  
The galaxy’s independent engineers, who constitute a vital part of the galactic economy, have agreed to support the freeze by offering their designs in exchange for more readily available materials.  
  
The tax suspension will run from the 24th to the 30th of May 3304.  
  
# NVIDIA GeForce GTX Titan Black Prototypes Revealed  
  
3301-03-27   
  
The NVIDIA labs, in association with Reynhardt IntelliSys, are pleased to announce that prototypes of the GeForce GTX Titan Black graphics card are now available for purchase from one exclusive outlet.   
  
A masterpiece of engineering, the NVIDIA Geforce GTX Titan Black represents the cutting edge of display technology. It balances a sleek design with uncompromising performance and unparalleled processing power, making the Titan Black one of the most desirable display modules in the entire galaxy. To celebrate the pre-release of the new module, NVIDIA are offering 5 lucky pilots the opportunity to win a commercial grade GTX Titan Black. Winning the competition couldn’t be simpler*.   
  
The first 5 pilots to sell a canister of NVIDIA GeForce GTX Titan Black Prototypes back to NVIDIA HQ aboard Godel Ring will be rewarded with a commercial model as soon as they become available. The only problem is NVIDIA isn’t saying where the prototypes are being sold.  
  
Happy hunting Commanders.  
  
*Entrants must have transported the prototypes under the Pilots Federation rules of 'open play' to be eligible to win.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Jasmina Halsey to be Revived  
  
3302-03-23   
  
Medical personnel at Leoniceno Orbital have announced they will soon bring former Federal president Jasmina Halsey out of her induced coma. When the former president arrived at the starport she was still in her damaged escape pod. Since then, medical personnel at the starport have worked tirelessly to heal the injuries she sustained in the destruction of Starship One. Having completed this process, Halsey's doctors now believe it is safe to start waking their patient.  
  
"The process of waking President Halsey from her coma must be done gradually," said Dr Lucy Ingles, who has been overseeing Halsey's treatment. "She is still in a delicate condition.  
  
If the process is successful, the former president should be fully conscious within a few days.  
  
# Galactic News: Galactic Leaders Address Thargoid Discovery  
  
3303-06-19   
  
The leaders of the galaxy's major powers have responded to news that the mysterious ships seen in the Maia system and Pleiades Nebula are Thargoid vessels.  
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson released a characteristically forthright statement.  
  
“Earlier this year, I said I would rather prepare for an attack that may not come than be met by an attack I did not prepare for. Well, the Federation has not been idle. For months, we have been expanding our Navy in preparation for just such a day. Some, such as Edmund Mahon, believe this is unnecessary. But perhaps Mr Mahon has not read the reports of Federal ships being attacked by Thargoid vessels. If the Thargoids want a fight, it’s a fight they’ll get.”  
  
Addressing the media from the Imperial Palace on Capitol, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
“The facts are these: the Thargoids have highly sophisticated starships, they have a relationship with the organic constructs, and they have the means to remotely disable human spacecraft. In some quarters, these facts have given rise to concern. But I urge you not to panic. The human race has surmounted countless challenges in the past, and created a civilisation that spans hundreds of star systems. Do not be too quick to discount the human race.”  
  
Finally, Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon released the following statement:  
  
“Our next steps must be taken with great care. Despite President Hudson’s claims to the contrary, there is no proof that the Thargoids have attacked Federal vessels. We must not assume the Thargoids are hostile. Theirs is clearly an intelligent and technologically sophisticated race. There is a great deal we could learn from them.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Federal Citizens Assassinated by the League of Reparation  
  
3304-05-24   
  
Terrorist group the League of Reparation has committed three further murders in Federation space.  
  
The body of Ezra Lux-Kumar, a wealthy entrepreneur, was found in his home on Biggs Colony yesterday. Local security forces confirmed that the cause was a lethal nerve toxin of the same type used in the murder of Imperial Senator Cartesius.  
  
The Pilots Federation has also confirmed that two of its members have been killed, in the Rhea and Delta Pavonis systems. The Commanders’ names have not been released, but the circumstances of their deaths are identical, involving a targeted strike on their ships with military-grade weapons. In both cases, the hulls of their vessels were laser-branded with the words ‘FOR JAMESON’.  
  
Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez of the Federal Intelligence Agency made this statement:  
  
“This alarming development confirms that these terrorists are as well organised and widespread as we feared. We offer our sincere sympathies to the victims’ families, all of whom have been transported to a secure location for their own protection.”  
  
“We are collating data from all three sites and working closely with the tri-power taskforce investigating the League of Reparation. Genealogy databases are being consulted to identify potential targets with ancestry connected to the INRA, so that we might be more proactive in ensuring their safety.”  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Cerberus Plague Past and Present  
  
3302-03-23   
  
Carl Simmons, chief medical officer at Newton Dock in the BD-02 4304 system, spoke at a health summit over the weekend. His keynote address was on the Cerberus plague.  
  
"The original Cerberus plague spread to over 30 systems inside a month, putting billions of lives at risk," said Simmons. "It is unlikely we would have been able to eradicate the disease had the cure been discovered any later, as ceremonial Heike tea would not have been available in sufficient quantities. Trillions could have perished.  
  
"We cannot afford to underestimate this new strain of Cerberus plague, and I urge the medical community to take the outbreak seriously. If Heike tea is not delivered in sufficient quantities, or if this strain proves resistant to the tea's effects, the consequences could be catastrophic.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# Commodore McAllister Appointed to Council of Admirals  
  
3304-05-25   
  
Commodore McAllister Appointed to Council of Admirals  
  
Commodore Riri McAllister of the Alliance Defence Force has been appointed to the Council of Admirals and promoted to the position of Rear Admiral.  
  
The Council of Admirals is responsible for military strategy for the entire Alliance, and each of its six members commands a contributing navy. A vacancy was created when Fleet Admiral Tulimaq Buchanan was assassinated by the League of Reparation.  
  
McAllister, who hails from the Lave system and who is now in charge of its navy, is the youngest person ever to be appointed to the Council. She is also the most junior in rank, having bypassed several other candidates from the ADF admiralty, which has caused some controversy.  
  
Admiral George Varma defended the appointment:  
  
“Despite her relative youth, McAllister is one of our most decorated combat veterans and a master strategist. This makes her an excellent choice to help defend the Alliance.”  
  
The newly promoted Rear Admiral McAllister made a characteristically brief statement:  
  
“I’m grateful to the Council for this honour. As well as my naval duties, I will be aiding efforts against the terrorist group responsible for my predecessor’s death.”  
  
# Hudson Attacks President’s History  
  
3301-03-30   
  
Shadow President Hudson held a press conference on Mars earlier today to address rumours that he would be seeking support to oust President Halsey from office.  
  
“President Halsey has proven time and time again that she is completely unfit for office. She complains about our youth wasting away in legally sanctioned virtual realities, and then off the back of shaky intelligence reports, orders the death of thousands of innocent Federal civilians trying to escape a nightmarish reality of her own making.”  
  
“We need a commander-in-chief who understands the galaxy we live in. A leader who can make the Federation the shining beacon it was always destined to be. A president we can trust to do the right thing.”  
  
“So to answer the question you’ve all been asking. Yes. I will be seeking support from Congress to remove President Halsey from power. How many more disasters can she be allowed to lead us through? As far I’m concerned, her removal can’t come fast enough.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Jeffress's New Treasure Hunt  
  
3302-03-24   
  
Following a long hiatus, reclusive philanthropist Alfred Jeffress has announced a new treasure hunt, and once again he is offering a share of his vast personal fortune to the winner.  
  
In a statement, Jeffress confirmed that the event will follow the same format as his previous treasure hunts. A mystery object has been placed somewhere in space, and the first person to find it and deliver it to a specified location will win the competition. Jeffress has released a riddle that he claims will set participants on the path to finding the mystery object:  
  
"The king's resting place is where I'm hid. Entrusted to a queen, with a spring in her steps.  
  
With such a generous prize on offer, the event is sure to capture the imagination of the galactic community.  
  
# Freelance Report: Canonn Responds to Thargoid Revelation  
  
3303-06-20   
  
Doctor Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has issued a statement from the Gnosis concerning the recent discovery that the so-called Unknown Ships are in fact of Thargoid origin.  
  
“Finally, the Thargoids have revealed themselves, moving from the shadows into the starlight. We cannot predict where this road will lead, but surely there is no way back. We stand at a precipice, staring into the abyss...yet we can take some comfort from the fact that humanity has faced this threat before and prevailed.”  
  
“The first reports of Unknown Artefacts – riddles in space – now seem so long ago. How could we have known it would come to this?”  
  
“Rest assured that should the worst happen, should governments fall and our civilisation be shaken to its very foundations, Canonn will stand against the darkness.”  
  
Starbeaver  
  
# Salvage and Rescue Operation Ends  
  
3304-05-25   
  
The operation to recover survivors and salvage from a convoy that was attacked in the core systems has been brought to a halt. Search-and-rescue teams from United Carnoeck for Equality were assisted by scores of independent pilots.  
  
Security Chief Tal Wo?niak thanked those who participated:   
  
“Many of the convoy’s crew members owe their lives to the Commanders who brought them to safety. We have also recovered data from the attack, which will help us track down and wipe out the pirate group responsible, hopefully before they massacre more innocents.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the operation can now collect their rewards from Bacon City in the Carnoeck system.  
  
# Aisling Calls Out Zemina  
  
3301-03-30   
  
Aisling Duval was in the spotlight again last night, as the diva Duval took to the streams on the popular Imperial talk show, ‘A Fireside Chat with Serena’.   
  
Aisling started the show with some high praise for her ‘Angels’ , who have been working hard to remove all unruly elements on Cemiess.  
  
“What they’ve done, it’s just so uplifting, you know. To know that I, like, inspire people like that. It’s just really great, y’know. Especially when certain people, certain ancient, misguided, possibly evil people think that what you’re doing is stupid. It’s not stupid. It’s slavery that’s stupid, Serena. Everyone knows that.”  
  
When asked if she was referring to Senator Torval, Aisling simply laughed and said:  
  
“Oh Serena, I thought we were talking about important things, not some old has-been. My Angels would wipe the floor with her Slavers any day of the week. I know deep down our citizens want to do the right thing.”  
  
# Galactic News: Terraforming Campaign Extended  
  
3302-03-24   
  
The Revolutionary Party of Vennik has made an announcement regarding the terraforming of Vennik 1. A spokesperson confirmed that the organisation plans to extend the campaign for a second week.  
  
"Due to overly ambitious estimates, it seems the supply of land-enrichment systems in nearby systems is exceeded by our demand. We have therefore decided to keep the contract open for an additional week, at considerable expense, to ensure we receive enough material to complete our terraforming project.  
  
The campaign will now run until the 31st of March 3302.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-06-21   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Patreus Demands Debt from Themiscrya  
  
3301-03-31   
  
The small system of Themiscrya has found itself embroiled in a row with Imperial Senator Denton Patreus. According to sources close to the situation, last year the Nationals of Themiscrya borrowed heavily from Senator Patreus in order to initiate regime change in Themiscrya. Now the Senator has called in the debt, and the Nationals of Themiscrya find themselves in the unfortunate position of being unable to make good on their obligations.  
  
Since taking over the government of Themiscrya last June, the Nationals of Themiscrya have instituted a number of policies designed to help stabilise the previously volatile region. One such policy included heavily fortifying both their headquarters on Lily May and Themiscrya’s satellite defence system aboard Bamford Station. Unfortunately, the defence system was sold to Themiscrya by representatives of Senator Patreus in the first place. Whether or not Patreus has remote access to the satellite defence system remains to be seen.  
  
Senator Patreus has offered the Nationals of Themiscrya a 7-day grace period in which to come to terms with the Senator’s finance team. If an agreement cannot be reached, Senator Patreus has indicated that he will be sending bailiffs to reclaim his property.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-06-21   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Archambault Installation, Formorians  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Bykovsky Orbital, Gakiutl  
  
# Los Chupacabras Campaign  
  
3304-05-25   
  
Los Chupacabras, an independent faction based in the LFT 926 system, has announced plans for a musical event known as the Jailhouse Rock and Blues Music Festival.  
  
A spokesperson for the group issued the following statement:  
  
“Our hope is that this will be the greatest music festival this side of Sagittarius A*. To quote Plato: ‘Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything’.”  
  
In support of the event, Los Chupacabras have placed an open order for quantities of beer, tobacco, coffee and narcotics, and have promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Meredith City in the LFT 926 system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 24th of May 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Wilkes Orbital Appeal Comes to an End  
  
3302-03-24   
  
Authorities at Wilkes Orbital have announced that the recent appeal for Ceremonial Heike Tea has been a significant success. Personnel at the starport launched the appeal when they discovered that the individuals recently rescued from the Blue Hand Gang were infected with a strain of the Cerberus Plague.  
  
The galactic community was unequivocal in its support of the appeal, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Wilkes Orbital. Governor Lawrence, the station's principal administrator, released a statement to the media:  
  
"Thanks to the swift response of the galactic community, we are now in a position to treat those infected by the Cerberus Plague. The surplus Ceremonial Heike Tea will be stockpiled to ensure that any further outbreaks can be immediately neutralised.  
  
Since news of the epidemic first broke, questions have been raised about how Professor Palin and his colleagues could have been infected by the pathogen. Drusus Kane, head of an Imperial counter-insurgency unit in the Achenar system, offered his opinion:  
  
"The chances of these individuals being contaminated by accident are extremely small. I believe the abductors deliberately infected Professor Palin and his colleagues, possibly in order to disseminate the disease among the wider galactic population. Fortunately, on this occasion their plans were not successful.  
  
# Colonia Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-05-25   
  
The campaign to supply a scientific project in Colonia has now concluded. Hundreds of independent pilots made the journey to deliver microresources to the Colonia Co-operative in the Coeus system.  
  
Professor Alexei de la Vega, in charge of the research project, made this statement:  
  
“These vital materials will allow us to establish a framework for how the region can expand. Thank you to everyone who has helped to chart a roadmap for Colonia’s future.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the project can now collect their rewards from Foster Terminal in the Coeus system.  
  
# Naylor Pledges Support of Halsey  
  
3301-03-31   
  
After Shadow President Hudson’s scathing attack on President Halsey earlier this morning, Vice President Naylor has sworn to continue his support of President Halsey.  
  
“The President has had to make some hard decisions. Is she always right? That’s not for me to say. What I can say is that if I were in her shoes, having to make decisions based on the same information, I would have almost certainly made the same decisions.”  
  
“Loss of life is always regrettable, as is the loss of any member states from our great galactic Federation. However, none of that justifies the vitriol displayed by Shadow President Hudson earlier today.”  
  
“We all know Hudson is desperate to get into office, but in the Federation it is the people who choose their leader, and they didn’t choose him. They chose Jasmina Halsey to serve as President, and until the people say otherwise, it is President Halsey I follow.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Neutralising the Unknown Artefact Threat  
  
3302-03-24   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin has shocked medical personnel at Wilkes Orbital by returning to work only hours after he received the antidote to the Cerberus Plague. According to Palin's doctor, the professor was eager to talk to Lea Tantaga, the molecular chemist who recently developed a material capable of countering the Unknown Artefacts' self-repair mechanism. The scientists' conversation resulted in the following statement from Professor Palin:  
  
"The significance of Professor Tantaga's breakthrough is clear: the means to safely contain the Unknown Artefacts is now within our grasp. What we need now are quantities of meta-alloys so we can produce more of the UA-resistant material.  
  
A conglomerate based in the Maia system has pledged to support the appeal by mass-producing the UA-resistant material, assuming sufficient quantities of meta-alloys are received. This will then be used to create special ship modules that can safely transport the Unknown Artefacts.  
  
The Pioneer's Cooperative has placed an open order for meta-alloys, and has promised to generously reward pilots who contribute to the initiative. The campaign begins on the 24th March 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-06-22   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Restoring Order in T’iensei  
  
3304-05-25   
  
Authorities in the T’iensei system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, the Autocracy of T’iensei has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Dzhanibekov Port.  
  
The campaign begins on 24th of May 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Imperial Assassination Attempt Foiled  
  
3301-04-01   
  
According to sources within the Imperial Palace on Capitol an attempt to end the Emperor’s life was foiled late last night.  
  
The close call came after a member of the Palace’s janitorial team alerted the Emperor’s personal physician to the fact that the Palace pharmacy had been left unlocked. This caused medical staff to carry out a full inventory of the Emperor’s medical supplies, which in turn revealed evidence that some of the Emperor’s medication had been tampered with.  
  
Details as to the exact nature of the attack have not been shared with the press at this time. However, Chancellor Blaine’s office has confirmed that had the attack gone undetected for much longer the Emperor would almost certainly have been killed.   
  
The investigation into the matter is an ongoing concern. Citizens who think they may have information pertinent to the case should contact Capitol Security as soon as possible.  
  
# Galactic News: Jasmina Halsey Brought Out of Coma  
  
3302-03-26   
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson has released a statement confirming that former president Jasmina Halsey has been brought out of her induced coma.  
  
"The injuries Jasmina Halsey suffered in the destruction of Starship One were severe, but her escape pod preserved her vital functions. Having repaired her injuries, medical personnel at Leoniceno Orbital revived President Halsey from her coma this morning. I have been told that she is now sleeping peacefully, and is expected to wake in the next few days.  
  
Reporters were told that Halsey would need at least a week before she is likely to be able to talk to those outside her immediate family.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-06-22   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Archambault Installation, Formorians  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Bykovsky Orbital, Gakiutl  
  
# Aisling’s Angels Challenge the Senator’s Slavers  
  
3301-04-01   
  
The fortunes of societies least fortunate may finally be changing this week, as Senator Torval has accepted a challenge to go head to head with the Diva Duval to prove once and for all whose position the citizens of the Empire truly support.  
  
Senator Torval and the Imperial Society will be buying up all the unregulated Slaves they can get their hands on at Lagerkvist Gateway in Synteini.   
  
Aisling Duval, in association with Stop Slavery Stupid and the Empire Party, will be accepting donations of Imperial Slaves (with the express intention of setting them free) at Mackenzie Relay in Cemiess.  
  
If Aisling wins, Senator Torval has sworn to set free any Slaves brought to her training centres during the course of the wager.   
  
If Senator Torval wins, Aisling has agreed to take on a personal contingent of Imperial Slaves for no less than one year.  
  
Citizens can show their support by signing up to deliver Slaves or Imperial Slaves to the candidate of their choice at the stations mentioned above.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Distant Worlds Expedition Reaches Beagle Point  
  
3302-03-29   
  
Nearly three months ago, approximately 1,000 pilots set a course for Ceeckia ZQ-L c24-0, informally designated 'Beagle Point,' on the far side of the Milky Way.   
  
This week, Distant Worlds Expedition coordinators announced that some members of the fleet have reached their destination. A charismatic member of the expedition – a Commander by the name of Salomé – was among the first to arrive at Beagle Point.  
  
A total of 23 pre-arranged waypoints have helped to organise the fleet and facilitate social interaction, including SRV races. Unfortunately, this coordination has not completely mitigated losses: of the 1,000 commanders who set out for Beagle Point, it is estimated that only 25% have survived the 81,500 light-year journey, and it's likely that the return journey will result in further losses.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# Community Goal: Renowned Chef Issues Appeal  
  
3303-06-22   
  
Celebrated chef and culinary scholar Dr Cordelius Swainn has issued an appeal to the galactic community for rare goods for one of his famous celebrity soirees.  
  
In a statement, Swainn said:  
  
“I create unique dining experiences for the wealthiest patrons and most important dignitaries to visit the Lave system. I will be hosting another of these events in a few weeks for one of my most important clients, and am therefore seeking rare commodities from across the galaxy. But it is not only food I require – I am in need of a wealth of exotic goods, all of which will contribute to overall ambience.”  
  
The appeal is being financed by Dr Swainn’s corporate partner, Lave Incorporated, which has promised to reward pilots who deliver the requested commodities to Lave Station.  
  
The campaign begins on the 22nd June 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The Courtship of Aisling Duval  
  
3304-05-26   
  
A media broadcast has identified a number of potential romantic suitors for Princess Aisling Duval.  
  
Entertainment journalist Solomon Helios discussed the matter in a special edition of his programme:  
  
“There’s been a lot of discussion about Aisling Duval lately, with some viewing her as reaching a certain maturity in the political arena. But never mind that! What we want to know is: who is the galaxy’s most eligible princess dating?”  
  
“Let’s face it, there must be no end of gentlemen focusing their sights on her. She’s a Duval, the daughter of the late Emperor, and a woman of enormous charm, intelligence and culture. Plus – she’s a stunner!”  
  
“Three years ago it looked like Admiral Denton Patreus might be the one tying the knot. But we can assume that Aisling Duval spurned his advances, perhaps concluding – like many of us – that Patreus was more interested in the Imperial throne than anything else. So, who might be wooing the ‘people’s princess’ now?”  
  
“The first possibility is Senator Caspian Leopold, who has attended many meetings with Aisling and speaks warmly of her in interviews. Of course, the senator is almost twice her age, but he is undoubtedly a gifted orator, not to mention enormously wealthy and influential. And sometimes experience wins out!”  
  
“On the other end of the scale is a young man called Jarl Toredo, who has been spotted visiting Aisling at the palace. This passionate firebrand runs an organisation called Universal Liberty, and has made a name for himself campaigning against Imperial slavery. So naturally, any relationship would give Aisling’s own charity an enormous PR boost.”  
  
“Toredo is a salt-of-the-earth type who has worked hard to build a life for himself. His background could not be more different from Aisling’s, with both his parents having died in servitude. A romance seems unlikely…but I wouldn’t rule it out!”  
  
“Potential suitor number three, Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester, has been stationed on Aisling’s home planet Emerald, where the two of them took a private tour around the Prism’s Shades art installation. The tall and handsome ambassador cut a striking figure beside the princess, as the empathic art pulsed with light around them. A political gesture designed to soothe relations with the Federation, or something more personal?”  
  
“One thing’s for sure – Princess Duval walks her own path, and has no problem with upsetting the established order. So when it comes to her love life, all bets are off!”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-05-27   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Terrorist group the League of Reparation has committed three further murders in Federation space.  
  
The victims include two members of the Pilots Federation. In both cases, the Commanders’ ships were laser-branded with the words ‘FOR JAMESON’.  
  
Commodore Riri McAllister of the Alliance Defence Force has been appointed to the Council of Admirals, filling the vacancy left by the late Tulimaq Buchanan, who was killed by the League of Reparation. McAllister has pledged to support efforts against the terrorist group responsible for her predecessor’s death.  
  
Meanwhile, entertainment journalist Solomon Helios has been speculating about the romantic life of Princess Aisling Duval, who is understood to have spurned the advances of Admiral Denton Patreus. Three potential suitors have been identified: Senator Caspian Leopold, anti-slavery campaigner Jarl Toredo, and Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester.  
  
In other news, Los Chupacabras, an independent faction based in the LFT 926 system, has announced plans for a musical event known as the Jailhouse Rock and Blues Music Festival. In support of the event, Los Chupacabras have placed an open order for quantities of beer, tobacco, coffee and narcotics, and have promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Meredith City in the LFT 926 system.  
  
Authorities in the T’iensei system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. To counter this threat, the Autocracy of T’iensei has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Dzhanibekov Port.  
  
Finally, two community-led initiatives reached successful conclusions this week. In the core systems, an operation to recover survivors and salvage from a convoy attacked by pirates was supported by scores of independent pilots, while in Colonia, hundreds of Commanders delivered microresources to the Colonia Co-Operative, which is investigating the region’s potential to support larger populations in the future.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Prism Senator Returns to Empire  
  
3301-04-02   
  
After completing her tour of the Sol system and meeting several high ranking officials within the Federation, Senator Kahina Tijani Loren has returned to the Empire.  
  
As expected a large flotilla of vessels accompanied Lady Kahina to the boundary of Federation influence, where she rendezvoused with the Imperial Interdictor Lucius.  
  
The Sol Herald asked Lady Kahina what she had thought of her first trip to Sol. She was reported as saying that she had found it “Most enlightening” and wanted to express her thanks to all who had helped her “navigate the fiendishly complicated Federation protocols.”  
  
Lady Kahina was then asked “Do you consider the docking officials at Mars High to be friends or rivals?”  
  
Her reply was greeted with laughter over wide-band comms. “Oh, that’s easy. Neither.”  
  
Representatives from Mars High could not be reached for comment.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Investigation into Assassination Attempt Ongoing  
  
3301-04-02   
  
Chancellor Blaine made an appearance before the Senate today to answer questions regarding the recent assassination attempt on the Emperor's life. The Chancellor remained stoic as he once again turned aside calls to clarify the line of succession, saying:  
  
"I have been assured that the attempted attack on our beloved Emperor has not had any overly adverse effects on his health. The would be assassin has undone much of the good work that had been made towards his majesty's recovery. Yet the Emperor still lives. In time, I am confident he will be with us again.  
  
"Thanks to the tireless efforts of agents working on behalf of Princess Arissa, the assassin has been captured and is currently undergoing questioning. We don't expect to learn anything useful from the tool herself, but security forensic techs are analysing everything about the traitor’s life as we speak. Have no doubt. We will find who ordered the attack, and we will bring them to justice."  
  
# Galactic News: Jasmina Halsey Not yet at Full Health  
  
3302-03-29   
  
For the past three days, Jasmina Halsey has been recuperating at Leoniceno Orbital, where she was taken after she was rescued from the wreckage of Starship One. Since then, all interview requests have been firmly rebuffed by the starport's medical personnel, who insist the former president is not yet well enough to talk to the media. But while the galaxy waits for an official interview, the Federal Times has managed to wrest a few words from her sister, Azalea Halsey, who recently visited her sibling:   
  
"Jasmina appears to be in good health, but she did seem rather distant. She said some things I didn't understand – something about stars and...creation, I think – but given what she's been through I thought she was remarkably lucid, most of the time. I'm sure she'll be back to her old self soon.  
  
It is hoped that the former Federal president will talk to the media in the next few days.  
  
# Community Goal: Colonia Expansion Initiative  
  
3303-06-22   
  
As the Colonia community continues to grow, the Junkyard Dogs have placed an open order for various commodities to support another wave of expansion.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation confirmed the materials would be used to construct new outposts in the region. The amount of materials received will determine exactly how many outposts are built.  
  
The Junkyard Dogs have promised to reward pilots who deliver tantalum, power generators and silver to their base of operations at Tolagarf’s Junkyard.  
  
The campaign begins on the 22nd of June 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-05-31   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Stackpole City, Lugger  
  
Maausk, Maausk  
  
Mitchell Dock, Meene  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Pirate's Lament, HIP 17519  
  
Schwann Port, Hajangai  
  
Darwin Orbital, 82 Pegasi  
  
Landis Orbital, Prajau  
  
Rafferty's Mobius, Azrael  
  
Ciferri Enterprise, Hidatsa  
  
Kennan Vision, NLTT 14879  
  
# Galactic News: Treasure Hunt Comes to an End  
  
3302-03-29   
  
The treasure hunt organised by billionaire philanthropist Alfred Jeffress has come to an end, with a pilot by the name of Commander Oriza claiming victory. Thousands of people took part in the competition, but ultimately there could only be one victor.  
  
As with Jeffress's previous treasure hunts, competitors were required to solve a series of riddles to find the mystery object at the centre of the search – a relic from Earth's past. The clues took pilots to Persephone in the Avalon system, then to Arrhenius Terminal in Bard and finally to the Algol system.  
  
When the winner was announced, Alfred Jeffress released the following statement:  
  
"I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to the winner. One of my representatives will be in touch soon to give you the details of your prizes. As for the other competitors, I would like to offer my commiserations. But do not despair! There will be another Jeffress treasure hunt, and next time the winner could be you.  
  
# Galactic News: Superpower Campaigns End  
  
3303-06-22   
  
Last week, the Empire and the Federation launched initiatives designed to bolster their presences in the Pleiades star cluster.  
  
Both superpowers placed open orders for construction materials for use in their respective campaigns, and the response from the galactic community was overwhelmingly positive. Huge quantities of material were delivered to Obsidian Orbital for both the Federal campaign and the Imperial initiative.  
  
It seems that despite widespread opposition to the Federal-Imperial conflict, both superpowers still enjoy considerable support among the galactic community.  
  
The Merope Expeditionary Fleet, which coordinated the Imperial initiative, and the Pleiades Resource Enterprise, which oversaw the Federal campaign, have extended their gratitude to their supporters.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiatives can now collect their rewards from Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Anarchy in Socho  
  
3304-05-31   
  
The Socho system, headquarters of Aegis Core, has been overtaken by a criminal faction. The system is now in a state of anarchy.  
  
A courier carrying a message from Aegis scientist Dr Mia Valencourt managed to escape the system. The message was then broadcast by the Rewired news service:  
  
“This is an urgent call for assistance. Regional security forces have been overrun, and this vicious gang – they call themselves the Socho Gold Raiders – they’re in charge now. They’ve shut everything down. Apparently they’re convinced we’re building some kind of super-weapon, so that’s probably what brought them here.”  
  
“They were so clever. We picked up what looked like a Thargoid signal and the security forces went charging in. Everyone was terrified that the Thargoids had come to Socho. But it wasn’t the Thargoids – it was a trap. The Raiders were waiting, and they cut those ships to pieces.”  
  
“Please, if anyone’s listening, this is an emergency. It’s absolute chaos here. Please help!”  
  
Professor Alba Tesreau, Aegis’s chief scientific advisor, made an emotional plea:  
  
“It is inconceivable that elements of our own society would behave this way when there’s so much at stake. There is vital research taking place at Aegis Core. If it’s lost, these criminals will have placed all of us at risk!”  
  
“I implore the galactic community to help free Socho from these unthinking vandals. Aegis is defending humanity against the Thargoid threat. We need your help to survive, so that we in turn can protect you and your families.”  
  
# Onionhead Sales Still Growing  
  
3301-04-02   
  
The Federal ban may have been enough to scare the Tanmark Defence Force into purging Lucan Onionhead plantations from their world, but Panem continues to stand defiant.  
  
It’s been only two weeks since the original Onionhead went back on sale in Harvestport, and already the supply has started flowing as far away as Berrivi and Aapelinja.  
  
So far the Federation has done little to stop the resurgence of Onionhead. Political pundits have been quick to suggest that this lethargy is most likely due to the fact that the President is paralysed by her (low) polling numbers. With her numbers so low, any mistake could cost the President her presidency.   
  
President Halsey’s indecision will come as good news for Georgio Algeria and the Kappa Fornacis Famers Union, who will doubtless continue growing credits as quickly as they can in preparation for any potential blowback from the Federation.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Dr Arcanonn Supporting Meta-Alloy Drive  
  
3302-03-29   
  
Verity Gavroche, official correspondent for the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, has spoken to Dr Arcanonn about the meta-alloy drive from the Pioneer's Cooperative:  
  
"On the 24th of March, the Pioneer's Cooperative – an organisation of which the Canonn is a proud member – placed an open order for meta-alloys to be delivered to Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system. The goal is to gather enough of the material to produce ship modules that are resistant to the Unknown Artefacts' self-repair mechanism, thus preventing system degradation in ships transporting UAs.  
  
"Obviously, our considerable interest in the UAs means that the possibility of transporting them without incurring ship damage is extremely exciting. In addition to the financial incentives on offer, I'm certain that being able to freely transport UAs will be a crucial part of future scientific research. So please bring your meta-alloys to Obsidian Orbital today!  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Galactic News: Colonia Population Boom  
  
3303-06-24   
  
The latest census data from Colonia indicates that the system has seen a massive influx of immigrants in recent weeks. Although precise details have not been made public, it is understood that many of the region’s new citizens are from the core systems.  
  
The spike follows the introduction of a migration subsidy from the Colonia Council, which has made it much cheaper for potential immigrants to reach Colonia. Sources close to the Council have confirmed that the move was designed to stimulate economic growth by attracting skilled workers to the region.  
  
The Colonia colony was founded almost a year ago, and since then it has expanded rapidly. For some, it represents an alternative to the violence and political disharmony they believe has come to characterise life in the core systems.  
  
Social and political experts have predicted that as long as the Federal-Imperial conflict persists, the Colonia community will continue to grow.  
  
# Aegis Hails Eagle Eye Success  
  
3304-06-01   
  
Aegis has announced that its Eagle Eye initiative is proving to be a great success, and has helped to repel Thargoid forces from systems in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
The Eagle Eye orbital surveillance installations were established earlier this year to monitor transmissions from known Thargoid surface sites. This data is then made available to independent pilots.   
  
In an interview with The Federal Times, Admiral Aden Tanner remarked:  
  
“I have no doubt that without this surveillance data, more starports in the Pleiades would have been attacked and damaged. Only last week, Thargoid incursions in the Lwalama and Lalande 4141 systems were vigorously resisted thanks to the early warnings provided by Eagle Eye.”  
  
“We all owe a huge debt of gratitude to those brave Commanders who have engaged the Thargoids in battle. Aegis was established to help protect the galaxy, and with the help of courageous members of the galactic community we will assuredly triumph.”  
  
# Prism Senator in Illegal Smuggling Sting?  
  
3301-04-02   
  
More scandal accompanied Senator Kahina Tijani Loren’s continuing visit when she was presented with a large vial of Gerasian Liquor by representatives at a concert in London.  
  
The representatives were apparently unaware that the beverage has recently been outlawed in the Empire, and anyone caught carrying it within Imperial territory could be subject to severe sanctions.  
  
Federation officials were quick to deny that it was a deliberate ploy to cause further inconvenience to the visiting Senator, whose reception has been dogged with controversy in equal measure to the unexpected popularity she has received from the general populace.  
  
Lady Kahina received the gift in good grace. When questioned about the illegality of the beverage in her home jurisdiction she replied with “They really needn’t worry, I’ll drink it all before I get home.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Colonia Population Boom  
  
3303-06-25   
  
The latest census data from Colonia indicates that the system has seen a massive influx of immigrants in recent weeks. Although precise details have not been made public, it is understood that many of the region’s new citizens are from the core systems.  
  
The spike follows the introduction of a migration subsidy from the Colonia Council, which has made it much cheaper for potential immigrants to reach Colonia. Sources close to the Council have confirmed that the move was designed to stimulate economic growth by attracting skilled workers to the region.  
  
The Colonia colony was founded almost a year ago, and since then it has expanded rapidly. For some, it represents an alternative to the violence and political disharmony they believe has come to characterise life in the core systems.  
  
Social and political experts have predicted that as long as the Federal-Imperial conflict persists, the Colonia community will continue to grow.  
  
# Hudson Swears to Succeed Where Halsey Failed!  
  
3301-04-02   
  
Appearing on the popular Federal Politics Show, ‘Face the People’, Shadow President Hundson faced some tough questions about his recent criticism of President Halsey.  
  
When asked if he felt it was appropriate for an official of his level to so openly attack a presidential incumbent, Hudson had this to say on the matter:  
  
“Well it’s like this. I feel our nation is in serious jeopardy, in no small part as a direct result of the President’s actions. So far we’ve been lucky. Her incompetence has only led to the deaths of a few hundred thousand Federal citizens. But what’s going to happen when Hengist finally dies and that maniac takes the throne in his place? Will Halsey protect us then? Personally I wouldn’t count on it. So yes, I think valid criticisms of the President’s leadership is absolutely in order at this point”  
  
When asked what he would have done differently to President Halsey, Hudson replied:  
  
“It comes down to proper application of resources. Kids training to protect our nation are kids that are too busy to take drugs or hide away in video games. A well trained military, coupled with proper strategic execution, would ensure Federal dominance throughout occupied space. I mean let’s face it, it doesn’t take a genius to know that if our boys need weapons to win a war, the very least you should do is make sure they have them.”  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-03-30   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Thargoid Structures Discovered  
  
3303-06-27   
  
As the galaxy reels from the revelation that the Thargoids have returned to human space, reports have been received that a number of independent pilots have discovered huge Thargoid structures in the Pleiades Sector OS-U c2-7, Col 285 Sector CV-Y d57, Aries Dark Region DB-X d1-63, HIP 19026, and HIP 14909 systems.  
  
Initial reports indicate that the structures are many hundreds of metres in diameter, and consist of a number of organic-shaped elements surrounding a central edifice. There is a clear visual relationship between the structures and the Thargoid vessels sighted in the Pleiades star cluster.  
  
Even more remarkable are reports that the structures encompass large subsurface complexes, accessed via the central edifice. Drone-like machines have also been seen roving the sites.  
  
Professor Ishmael Palin, who played a central role in identifying the so-called Unknown Ships as Thargoid, commented on the discovery:  
  
“This is a remarkable development, and one that raises many questions. What is the purpose of these structures? Are there others out there? And what about the drones? Are they being controlled remotely, or are they autonomous?”  
  
“With each new discovery, we revise our perception of humanity and its place within the cosmos.”  
  
# Starport Repair Initiative Announced  
  
3304-06-01   
  
Following Thargoid strikes on the fringes of the core systems, a new initiative to restore damaged starports has been announced.  
  
Chief administrator Carter Armstrong spoke on behalf of Aegis Core, which is coordinating the campaign:  
  
“We’ve set up this fund to reassure citizens that normality will continue, no matter what. I would like to appeal to the galactic community to restore services in the core systems to their previously high standard.”  
  
An open order has been placed for construction materials, which will be shipped to the affected starports and used to make repairs. Pilots are asked to make their deliveries to Dantec Enterprise in the Socho system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 31st of May 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Princess Arissa Addresses the Nation  
  
3301-04-02   
  
In what can only be seen as a result of the attack on her alleged father, Princess Arissa Lavigny-Duval has today broken her long silence in an address to the nation on the steps of the Imperial Palace.  
  
“Honoured citizens of the Empire, my Imperial brothers and sisters, I come before you today not as a Princess or as a Senator, but as a concerned daughter of this nation.”  
  
“In our father’s long absence, certain undesirable elements have sought to usurp the right and just laws which govern our civilisation. Through their dishonourable actions they seek to unravel the delicate threads that bind us together as a great and unified society.”  
  
“The house of Duval will not allow the madness of the few to undo everything that we have struggled so long to achieve. I swear to you, brothers and sisters, mothers and fathers, the Emperor’s protection will stand. You will not live in fear of hunger, of sickness, of weakness or shame.”  
  
“Enemies of the Imperial court beware. This is your one warning. You will not get another.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Buckyball Racing Club Announces Total Recall Event  
  
3302-03-30   
  
The Buckyball Racing club has announced that it is hosting a ship and buggy race called 'Total Recall'. The event is being funded by a major manufacturer of SRV tyres in exchange for data on high-speed vehicle handling on a variety of planet surfaces.  
  
Following observations that their tyres do not appear to leave tracks, a spokesperson for the company said: "We've been investigating this anomaly for some time. With the data provided by the BRC, we plan to start developing the next generation of high-performance 'TrakMark' tyres very soon".  
  
The event will run out of Schneider Relay in the Epsilon Indi system from the 2nd to the 10th of April 3302.  
  
Commander Alec Turner, Buckyball Race Organiser  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-06-28   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Los Chupacabras Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-06-01   
  
Los Chupacabras have announced that their plan to host a music festival in the LFT 926 system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Scores of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Meredith City, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
Los Chupacabras thanked those who supported the campaign, and confirmed that a second festival is already being planned.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Meredith City in the LFT 926 system.  
  
# Operation Tomahawk Aims to Rid Lave of CODE Threat  
  
3301-04-03   
  
As the war in Lave continues between CODE and Cosmic State, reports have emerged to suggest that Cosmic State have chosen Adle's Armada as unlikely allies in what's being called Operation Tomahawk.  
  
The accusation is that CODE are charging traders and others passers-by for "travel passes" in the Lave system, which are valid only for a set period, and will provide protection against CODE attacks.  
  
These reports would seem to indicate that no visitor to Lave is safe unless a travel pass has been purchased from CODE. It is not clear at this stage what the Alliance reaction is to this policy, but it seems that as long as the funds aren't being channelled into the Lavian economy, they are unlikely to take a high view of this practice.  
  
Galnet reached out to both CODE and Cosmic State for comment, and although no word has been received from CODE, Cosmic State asserted that CMDRs Silk and Kudach were heading Operation Tomahawk, aiming to free Lave, and now potentially Leesti also, from the perceived CODE threat.  
  
# Community Goal: The Onionhead Clash  
  
3302-03-31   
  
The ongoing Federal campaign against Onionhead has taken a new turn with the appointment of an 'Onionhead tzar', who will assume overall responsibility for eliminating the drug from Federal space. Edward Bores, a seasoned government official, has assumed the role, promising to employ "targeted measures" in the fight against the illegal narcotic.  
  
At a press event, Bores marked his appointment with the announcement of an innovative new campaign:  
  
"We are launching an initiative called 'Hand in the Head' designed to encourage Federal citizens to surrender any Onionhead in their possession. Individuals who deliver Onionhead to our headquarters at Grandin Gateway in the Altair system will be generously rewarded. At the end of the campaign, any Onionhead we have received will be destroyed.  
  
Meanwhile, an organisation known as the Altair Purple Mob has launched a campaign to prove that the drug is harmless, with the ultimate aim of having it reclassified as a non-toxic plant. Like the Federation, the organisation has issued an appeal for quantities of the drug, but unlike the Federation, the Altair Purple Mob intends to study the plant rather than destroy it. A spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"Legalising Onionhead would decriminalise its users, provide the Federal government with a new revenue stream, and destabilise the criminal network through which the drug is currently bought and sold. It's a no-brainer.  
  
The competing campaigns are scheduled to begin on the 31st of March 3302, and will run for one week.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Order Restored in T’iensei  
  
3304-06-01   
  
The Autocracy of T’iensei has announced that its campaign to clear the T’iensei system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Authorities in T’iensei have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Dzhanibekov Port in the T’iensei system.  
  
# Galactic News: Terraforming Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3302-03-31   
  
The Revolutionary Party of Vennik announced that it has received sufficient quantities of terrain-enrichment systems to bring its terraforming project to a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots responded to the organisation's appeal by delivering the much-needed commodities to Nixon Enterprise. The success of the campaign will allow the organisation to embark on the final phase of its plan to terraform Vennik 1, by preparing the planet's surface for agricultural development.  
  
Following the success of the campaign, a spokesperson for the Revolutionary Party of Vennik released a brief statement:  
  
"For decades, the people of Vennik have harboured a dream – a dream of a life-sustaining, fertile Vennik 1. Today, that dream becomes a reality. We are hugely grateful to those who helped us achieve our dream by supporting our recent appeal. Thanks to you, the arid expanses of Vennik 1 will soon be verdant panoramas, resplendent with life.  
  
# Community Goal: People’s Rakapila Progressive Party Issues Request  
  
3303-06-29   
  
Following a population spike in Rakapila, the People’s Rakapila Progressive Party has issued a request for commodities in order to stimulate the system’s economy.  
  
The organisation has placed an open order for domestic appliances, consumer technology and clothing, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Stone Enterprise in the Rakapila system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering material to Stone Enterprise can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 29th of July 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Campaign for Pleiades Starport Restoration  
  
3304-06-01   
  
A fund has been set up by the Aegis Research to repair starports in the Pleiades Nebula that have been damaged during the Thargoid conflict.  
  
Senior engineer Lilith Galloway made this announcement:  
  
“We’ve had the worst of it here. The Thargoids have given us a bloody nose on several occasions. But we are strong, we will heal, and you can help.”  
  
“We’re asking for pilots to deliver as much as they can fit in their holds. We’re going to rebuild our starports better than ever. Let’s get the Pleiades fighting fit once more.”  
  
Traders are requested to deliver construction materials to The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector Ir-W D1-55 system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 31st of May 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# A Light in the Dark  
  
3301-04-03   
  
Since Princess Arissa’s impassioned speech on the steps of the Imperial palace yesterday evening, Citizens the length and breadth of the Empire have been speculating as to which group (or groups) prompted the princess to take such a public stand against them.  
  
Despite rumours suggesting that the speech was intended as a warning to Senators Torval and Patreus, both of whom have flouted Imperial law on multiple occasions, GalNet can now exclusively reveal that the Princess was in fact talking about the unknown assailant responsible for the attack on the Emperor.  
  
In a further statement released to GalNet this morning, the Princess had this to say:  
  
“I will not sit idly by while unseen assailants strike at the very heart of our nation. The time for action is now, and I call on all loyal Imperial citizens to join me in my mission to purge the Empire of all those who wish to see it harmed.”  
  
“For the next 7 days my agents on Simpson Depot in Facece will be empowering citizens to act on my behalf in the fight against Imperial corruption. I urge all loyal residents of the Empire to join me in hunting down the fiends who attacked our father at his weakest. Your compliance will be rewarded.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Hudson Takes Tour of Brightlight Facilities in Hors  
  
3301-04-07   
  
Shadow President Hudson, accompanied by several of Admiral Vincent’s closest aides, received a warm greeting when he visited the Hors system earlier today. The group met with Duke Sanders to discuss the possibility of extending the remit of Brightlight Training’s Federal contracts.   
  
Representing the gold standard in private training centres, Brightlight offers a variety of educational services to corporations throughout the Federation. With the recent failures in communication between the Commander-in-Chief and her advisors in the Federal Navy, it appears that Admiral Vincent has decided it is long past time for the Navy to update the way its officers are trained.  
  
Sources within the Brightlight Training Corporation are said to be very happy with the way the meeting went. No new contracts have been agreed between the two parties, but all reports indicate that Brightlight has begun ramping up its operations in preparation for an imminent services deployment.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Meta-Alloys Appeal Comes to an End  
  
3302-03-31   
  
The Pioneers Cooperative has announced that the recent appeal for meta-alloys has received the full support of the galactic community. Having taken delivery of thousands of tonnes of meta-alloys, the organisation will now begin producing ship modules that can safely transport the Unknown Artefacts. A spokesperson for the Pioneers Cooperative released a brief statement:  
  
"Given the relative scarcity of meta-alloys, we were concerned we might not receive enough, but the galactic community has proven itself equal to the task. Work on the new modules is scheduled to start at once.  
  
Meanwhile, Professor Tantaga was asked about the starports experiencing UA-related malfunctions.  
  
"In theory, the UA-resistant material could be used to return the affected starports to normality, but I don't think launching a second campaign for meta-alloys is the right approach. In my opinion, the affected starports should be given the formula for the UA-resistant material, so any meta-alloys they have can be used to protect their outposts.  
  
# Community Goal: A Safe Haven  
  
3303-06-29   
  
A spokesperson for the Pilots Federation has announced a new peacekeeping initiative centred on the LHS 3447, Eravate and Asellus Primus systems. The purpose of the initiative is to minimise criminal activity in these regions and thereby ensure the safety of inexperienced pilots.  
  
The spokesperson elaborated on the nature of the campaign:  
  
“Many of the galaxy’s independent pilots start their careers in these systems, and we believe they should be able operate without fear of being targeted by opportunistic aggressors.”  
  
“Of course, pilots will not be the only beneficiaries of this initiative – the people of LHS 3447, Eravate and Asellus Primus will also benefit from the increase in security.”  
  
Authorities in the pertinent systems have responded positively to the proposal, with Governor Mandelbaum, administrator of Cleve Hub, describing it as “a boon to our people”. They have also expressed hope that the success of the initiative will allow peacekeeping forces to maintain order once the campaign is over.  
  
The Pilots Federation has called on the galaxy’s independent combat pilots for support, and has authorised Adle’s Armada, LHS 3447 Dynamic and Co, and Asellus Primus Gold Legal Ind. to reward those who support the initiative.  
  
The campaign begins on the 29th of June 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-06-29   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Savinykh Hub, LFT 37  
  
Roentgen Hub, LFT 37  
  
Gordon Enterprise, Tavgi  
  
Mitzi's Den, Runo  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
# Ships Destroyed by the League of Reparation  
  
3304-06-02   
  
The Pilots Federation has reported that five independent ships have been attacked by terrorist organisation the League of Reparation, with the loss of all crewmembers.  
  
No details have been released regarding specific names or locations, except that three of the ships were attacked in Alliance-controlled systems, one in a Federal system and one in Imperial space.  
  
The Pilots Federation also confirmed that the message ‘FOR JAMESON’ had been etched by laser beam into drifting hull fragments from all five ships.  
  
Captain Niamh Seutonia, a member of the tri-power taskforce investigating the League, released this statement:  
  
“We are treating these incidents as terrorist actions by the League of Reparation, targeted against people with ancestral connections to the INRA. Analysts have been despatched to all five locations.”  
  
“Meanwhile, we have determined that League agents receive their orders via multi-relayed, encrypted comms channels from a source using the codename ‘Nexus’. This suggests a central point of coordination, rather than autonomous cells. Whether Nexus is an individual, a group, or a faction is not yet known.”  
  
“We are aware that citizens throughout the Alliance, Empire and Federation are alarmed by these horrific attacks. We assure you that the taskforce is working hard to discover more about this group and eliminate it. In the meantime, we ask everyone to remain vigilant and to report any relevant information to local authorities.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# President Halsey Addresses Accusations  
  
3301-04-07   
  
President Jasmina Halsey has finally chosen to directly address Shadow President Hudson's campaign to see her removed from office. In a statement issued during a rare appearance on ‘Face the People’, the President had this to say about her current situation:   
  
"I am deeply disappointed by Mr Hudson's conduct. Have mistakes been made? Perhaps. But I say to you, any mistakes that were made, were made worse due to the constant interference of certain parties within our own ranks."   
  
"As President, the command of our armed forces falls to me, but it does not fall to me alone. The idea that I, personally, am responsible for the Federal Navy's failure to properly secure their supply lines is patently ridiculous. As is the accusation that I am somehow responsible for pilots properly identifying their targets before murdering thousands of our civilians. I have no doubt the residents of our great Federation are smart enough to know what's really going on here.  
  
"I am proud to serve as your President and I intend to do so for a very long time to come.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Concern over New Ship Modules  
  
3302-04-01   
  
Recent reports indicate that some members of the galactic community are concerned about the development of Unknown Artefact-resistant ship modules. Critics of the new technology, developed by Professor Lea Tantaga, have claimed it will facilitate further black-market trade of Unknown Artefacts, thus exacerbating the so called-technological plague.  
  
In an attempt to counter the rising concern, a member of the technical team at Obsidian Orbital released the following statement:  
  
"I know some people are concerned that these new modules might aggravate the technological plague, but there's every reason to believe we can use the Unknown Artefact-resistant material developed by Professor Tantaga to protect our starports from UA-related malfunctions. All that's needed is for pilots to deliver meta-alloys to the affected starports. We'll do the rest.  
  
# Galactic News: Access to Naraka Temporarily Restricted  
  
3302-04-01   
  
The Naraka system is remarkable for being one of two star systems to bear the name 'Naraka'. For some, Naraka is a system located in the Hydrae Sector, whereas for others, it's a system situated between Pi-Fang and Eranin.  
  
This quirk of circumstance has long been a source of confusion for independent pilots, but Universal Cartographics has deigned to address the issue by renaming the former of the two systems. Following this announcement, a Federal spokesperson released a brief statement:  
  
"Until Universal Cartographics has dealt with this issue, all travel to the Naraka system is been restricted. Access to the Naraka system located between Pi-Fang and Eranin remains unhindered.  
  
Not everyone is happy about the impending change, however, with one resident of the soon-to-be renamed system remarking:  
  
"This is all well and good, but what will happen to my mail? It's like Universal Cartographics didn't even consider the postal service.  
  
# Galactic News: Colonia Expansion Initiative Concludes  
  
3303-06-29   
  
A spokesperson for the Junkyard Dogs has announced that its appeal for construction materials has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Tolagarf's Junkyard, the organisation’s base of operations. The materials will be used to construct new outposts in the Colonia region.  
  
The Junkyard Dogs have extended their gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Tolagarf's Junkyard in the Eol Prou Lw-L C8-215 system.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-06-03   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
The Socho system, headquarters of Aegis Core, has been overtaken by the Socho Gold Raiders, a criminal faction. The system is now in a state of anarchy. Aegis personnel, including Dr Mia Valencourt and Professor Alba Tesreau, have appealed to the galactic community to help free Socho from the criminals.  
  
In related news, Aegis has announced that its Eagle Eye initiative has helped to repel Thargoid forces from systems in the Pleiades Nebula. Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, said that Thargoid incursions in the Lwalama and Lalande 4141 systems had been resisted due to the early warnings provided by Eagle Eye.  
  
The Pilots Federation has reported that five independent ships have been attacked by terrorist organisation the League of Reparation, with the loss of all crewmembers. But the taskforce investigating the League made a breakthrough when it discovered that League agents receive their orders from a source codenamed ‘Nexus’.  
  
In other news, two campaigns have been launched to repair starports in the Pleiades Nebula that have been damaged by the Thargoids. Open orders have been placed for construction materials, which will be shipped to the affected starports and used to make repairs.  
  
Los Chupacabras have announced that their plan to host a music festival in the LFT 926 system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Scores of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Meredith City, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
Finally, the Autocracy of T’iensei has announced that its campaign to clear the T’iensei system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# In the Emperor’s Name  
  
3301-04-08   
  
The last week has seen a bustle of activity in Imperial space.  
  
Senator Torval went head to head with Aisling Duval to prove once and for all that Imperial Slavery is here to stay. Aisling’s Angels did the best they could to support the people’s princess, freeing an astonishing 1,149,756 Imperial Slaves in the span of just one week. Unfortunately for the diva Duval, the Imperial Slavers Association managed to acquire a staggering 2,387,567 Unregulated Slaves in the same space of time.  
  
The Unregulated Slaves are currently undergoing an intensive ISA-certified retraining regime. The graduates of which are expected to go on sale from Lagerkvist Gateway next weekend.   
  
Princess Arissa has been making her presence felt by shining a light on the darker corners of the Empire. Thousands of criminals have been apprehended by Commanders working on behalf of Arissa, although sadly only a handful of them have been able to provide any clues as to who ordered the attack on the Emperor. The Princess will announce what new information has come to light once her Imperial courtiers have finished with their current investigation.  
  
Finally, Senator Patreus has reached a new financial agreement with Themiscrya, a system that owes the Senator a sizeable debt due to loans taken out by the current government before they came to power. In less pleasant news, Silver Universal PLC (the Senator’s financial services subsidiary) has announced that from next week it will be raising interest rates on all outstanding debts owed to the Senator.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Themiscrya Reaches Agreement on National Debt  
  
3301-04-08   
  
Senator Denton Patreus issued notice 8 days ago of his intention to seek legal recourse over the Nationals of Themiscrya’s failure to meet their financial obligations. The news sent waves of panic through the tiny independent system, with many residents choosing to flee rather than risk being turned into assets to appease the Senator.  
  
However, reports coming from Ritchey Port indicate that a new debt agreement has been reached between Silver Universal PLC and the Nationals of Themiscrya, effectively ending any imminent action from Senator Patreus’s legal team.  
  
It is believed that the new agreement only came about due to the efforts of several dozen small business owners, whose tireless efforts over the last week have seen Themiscrya enjoy a small period of economic boom. This in turn provided the funds needed for the Nationals of Themiscrya to pay off the principal on their debt.  
  
# Galactic News: Halsey Talks to the Media  
  
3302-04-04   
  
Former Federal president Jasmina Halsey spoke to select reporters at Leoniceno Orbital today, answering the questions many have wanted to ask since she was recovered from the wreckage of Starship One. When asked about Starship One's destruction, Halsey replied:  
  
"I remember very little, really. A thunderous noise, then silence. Being thrown across the bridge in my chair, and then being unable to breathe. I remember one of my bodyguards getting me to the pod as things floated about silently, like a dream. The last thing I remember is a terrible pain in my ears and a very loud noise as the pod filled with what looked like steam.  
  
The former president's voice was distant, and she seemed to drift off between sentences. She certainly did not sound like the forceful leader from last year.  
  
A reporter from the Alliance Tribune asked President Halsey what it was like to drift through space for so long:  
  
"It was wonderful. Amazing. I saw the universe, and our galaxy within it, as I'd never seen it before, and I felt the presence of the real caretakers of our galaxy. The paradox of their existence – tiny yet gargantuan, fleeting yet eternal. They spoke to me as I drifted in the void. It was amazing. I must share their message.  
  
This unorthodox statement prompted a flurry of further questions, but Halsey's escorts promptly led her from the room.  
  
# Galactic News: Swainn’s Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-06-29   
  
Celebrated chef and bromatologist Dr Cordelius Swainn has announced that his appeal for rare goods has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Lave Station.  
  
Dr Swainn is said to be delighted with the variety of items delivered, and boasted that his forthcoming culinary event would be even more spectacular than planned.   
  
Dr Swainn’s corporate partner, Lave Incorporated, has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign. Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Lave Station in the Lave system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Fragile Unity in Federal Congress  
  
3303-06-30   
  
Following disturbing reports of attacks on Federal ships in the Pleiades Nebula, the partisan rancour that often characterises Federal Congress has faded into the background as both Republican and Liberal members of congress rally around President Zachary Hudson. Rumours that the attacks were perpetrated by the Thargoids abound, prompting calls for increased military spending.  
  
Emerging in the wake of the no-confidence vote that resulted in the expulsion of former Federal president Jasmina Halsey, the bellicose Hudson administration was seen by many as emblematic of the Federation's uncertain path into the 34th century. But the possibility of an alien incursion is rapidly smoothing over the political sore points.  
  
Shadow President Felicia Winters has been careful to neither endorse nor condemn Hudson’s militaristic rhetoric. Meanwhile, both the Republican and Liberal parties have remained silent on the post-presidential career of Jasmina Halsey, whose advocacy for galactic peace contrasts sharply with the hawkish leader who ordered planetary bombardments against onionhead growers in the Kappa Fornacis system. In the political press, attention has focused on the fact that Halsey has become a close confidante of Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon – another moderate voice on the intergalactic stage.  
  
Morrenwell  
  
## Federation  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-06-06   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Ciferri Enterprise, Hidatsa  
  
Darwin Orbital, 82 Pegasi  
  
Kennan Vision, NLTT 14879  
  
Landis Orbital, Prajau  
  
Pirate's Lament, HIP 17519  
  
Rafferty's Mobius, Azrael  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Schwann Port, Hajangai  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Mayer Hub, Kulici  
  
Thornycroft Settlement, Kulici  
  
Forbes Terminal, Algorab  
  
Guidoni Station, 79 Ceti  
  
al-Din Prospect, Alpha Centauri  
  
# Aisling Duval Hosts Federal Ambassador  
  
3304-06-07   
  
Last weekend, Princess Aisling Duval hosted a diplomatic function at which Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester was the guest of honour.  
  
Although security at the event was tight, entertainment journalist Solomon Helios managed to obtain an exclusive insight for his programme.  
  
“If you’re wondering what happened to your invitation to the Princess’s soirée, it probably ended up in the same black hole as mine. But I can still bring you a little peek from behind closed doors!”  
  
“It’s not unusual for the Imperial family to hold parties for visiting ambassadors. What is unusual is that on this occasion, Aisling invited all of Jordan Rochester’s staff, including the captain and crew of his ship. Since the FNS Pioneer’s commanding officer is none other than Vice Admiral Juno Rochester, one of Jordan’s sisters, perhaps this was seen as an opportunity to meet a future in-law?”  
  
“My contacts tell me that despite the variety of uniforms, hairstyles and accents, the night was full of enjoyment. Aisling and Jordan danced together before the ambassador formally thanked the princess on behalf of the Federation.”  
  
“But that’s not all. The next day, who should arrive at Emerald but Senator Caspian Leopold – who you’ll remember is also rumoured to have romantic intentions toward the people’s princess. Supposedly he’s there on official business, although I understand there’s nothing scheduled in his calendar. Or perhaps his invitation arrived late, like mine…”  
  
“So is the princess courting, or merely holding court? As always, Aisling keeps us guessing!”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Exphiay Entertains Shadow President  
  
3301-04-10   
  
This evening marks the 153rd annual Exphiay Bankers’ Ball. Shadow President Hudson will be in attendance, as will Frank Hall – CEO of Gallant Investment, Paul Wiggins – CEO of Wiggins Development Trust, and Patricia Spellman – Vice President of Sirius Finance.   
  
The 1 million-credits-a-head dinner will see the Federation’s rich and famous rub shoulders with some of the galaxy’s most influential powerbrokers. One of the main topics of conversation is expected to revolve around fiscal responsibility in the face of the continued failing of the current Federal leadership.   
  
Notable absences include President Halsey and Vice President Naylor, both of whom were reportedly not invited to the star-studded event. Further reports indicate that well-known liberal leaning corporations such as Better Green Developments, Roach Investment Banking, Worster Insurance, Lycan Moon Mining and Benton’s Natural Remedies were also all deliberately blocked from attending.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Firefly Fandango Theory Disproven  
  
3302-04-04   
  
Weeks after Dr Arcanonn shared Commander Engalo's report of a 'firefly fandango' between the unknown artefacts and meta-alloys, he has issued this update:  
  
"After Engalo's research was published, our science teams set to work, trying to identify whether an interaction was indeed taking place. Soon after, many Commanders – including Locastan, Criosx and Engalo himself – came to the conclusion that what they were witnessing was most likely a product of the distortion field surrounding the Unknown Artefacts.  
  
"The field seems to diffract light in the Artefact's vicinity, causing objects around it to appear in duplicate. After close observation, it was concluded that what appeared to be pairs of dancing fireflies were actually duplicates of the same firefly.  
  
"I commend the teams for their hard work, and am pleased to be able to cross this phenomenon off our list of investigations.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-07-05   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# INRA Descendant Murdered  
  
3304-06-08   
  
A descendant of Amaro Hem, one of the INRA’s senior members, has been murdered by terrorist group the League of Reparation. His body was found in the wreckage of a crashed ship.  
  
Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez, part of the tri-superpower taskforce investigating the League, provided a full explanation at a press conference:  
  
“We have identified the deceased as Luca Hem, an unemployed construction worker living at Houtman City in the Aeternitas system. He was reported missing by his family two weeks ago. We can confirm that he was the great-grandson of Amaro Hem, who was a programme coordinator with the INRA.”  
  
“Luca Hem’s body was found strapped into an ancient Cobra Mk III, the same model flown by Commander Jameson. Forensics indicate he was still alive when the ship struck an asteroid in the Aeternitas A Belt. The Cobra’s derelict condition suggests it wasn’t travelling under its own power, and was most likely salvaged from a scrapyard specifically for this purpose.”  
  
“According to logs discovered at the Taylor Keep INRA facility, Amaro Hem was responsible for ensuring that Jameson did not return from his mission against the Thargoids. This staged murder, recreating the circumstances of Jameson’s death, is obviously intended as an act of poetic justice by the League of Reparation.”  
  
“Luca Hem’s wife and children have been taken to secure locations for their own protection, as have nine individuals from other families related to Amaro Hem.”  
  
Agent Ramirez concluded:  
  
“It’s clear that the League is using theatrical tactics to ensure its message reaches the media. Our taskforce is working hard to discover more about this organisation, and to bring these terrorists to justice.”  
  
# The Low Cost of Lives  
  
3301-04-10   
  
The office of Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval issued a statement this morning to reveal what information had been collected by members of the Imperial Court loyal to the House of Duval.  
  
“The Princess is extremely grateful for the support offered by her allies in these difficult times.”  
  
“As expected, the interrogation of the would-be-assassin failed to produce any useful information as to who ordered the attack. Fortunately the ex-assassin was persuaded to divulge the name of the organisation that tasked them with the attempt.”  
  
“Members of the Imperial Court were dispatched to investigate the matter in more detail, and thanks to work carried out by Count von Auerburg, Earl Rednam and Earl Khaelmin we now know where to concentrate our efforts on next.”  
  
“Have no fear loyal citizens. Even now the Princess is preparing to initiate the next stage of the investigation. The Princess will catch those responsible, and she will make them pay for their transgressions.”  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-04-05   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Specialists Respond to Latest Findings  
  
3303-07-05   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin, leading authority on xeno-biological research, has commented on the discovery of functional technology at the Thargoid structures.  
  
“This revelation is significant not only because it gives us an insight into Thargoid technology, but because it confirms the long-posited connection between the Thargoids and the Unknown Artefacts and Probes. Unfortunately, we still do not know the exact purpose of these pieces of technology. Reconnaissance, surveillance, cartography? The specifics elude us, even while fresh discoveries are made.”  
  
Meanwhile, Ram Tah, the engineer leading research into the lost civilisation known as the Guardians, has commented on reports of interaction between Guardian and Thargoid technology:  
  
“The fact that Guardian artefacts react to the Thargoid device certainly seems to suggest some kind of prior contact, and although we know very little about Thargoid history, interaction between the two races is entirely possible. But the negative nature of the reaction could be a sign that the relationship was not entirely peaceful.”  
  
# Conflict in Lave  
  
3304-06-08   
  
The Lave Radio Network, an independent organisation based in the Lave system, has announced plans to broadcast its annual conference, which this year will take place in the Diso system from the 24th to the 25th of June.  
  
To ensure they can share the event with the entire galaxy, the Lave Radio Network has placed an open order for various commodities, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Lave Station in the Lave system.  
  
But not everyone is enthusiastic about the event. The Lave Jet Family has responded with a rival campaign expressly designed to undermine the Lave Radio initiative, and has invited pilots to deliver commodities to help construct a signal jammer.  
  
The two organisations have set out week-long operations to achieve their aims, which will begin on the 7th of June 3304.  
  
# When Worlds Collide  
  
3301-04-10   
  
Reports are coming in from all over the Federation of a resurgence in nightclubs catering to under-40s. Analysts are at a loss to explain why so many Federal youths have suddenly decided to abandon their artificial realities in favour of physical content, but the numbers don't lie.  
  
Over 30% of under-40s who responded to a recent GalNet poll said that they'd visited a physical nightclub in the last month, compared to just 12% during the same period last year.  
  
The shift has already seen billions of credits being poured into local Federal economies. This is causing a series of economic booms that are allowing some previously stagnant systems to begin a period of expansion, the likes of which they haven't experienced in years.  
  
It isn't all good news, though. Several dozen regions have reported an increase in violent crimes linked with various youth gatherings. So far most instances of violence have been self-contained, but political pundits are concerned about more widespread implications should the number of gatherings continue to grow.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-04-06   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Success for Pleiades Restoration Project  
  
3304-06-08   
  
There has been a positive response to the campaign to fund repairs for starports in the Pleiades Nebula. Huge quantities of construction materials were received, which will be used to restore many of the stations damaged by the Thargoids.  
  
Senior engineer Lilith Galloway made a statement on behalf of Aegis Research:  
  
“We didn’t expect so many of you to help. But that’s the spirit here in the Pleiades – we come back stronger. Our thanks to everyone who supplied us with what we need.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to this project can now collect their rewards from The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector Ir-W D1-55 system.  
  
# Galactic News: Research Initiative Trumps Federal Campaign  
  
3302-04-07   
  
The Federal campaign against Onionhead suffered a setback this week when its 'Hand in the Head' initiative received only modest support from the galactic community. Despite the best efforts of Federal campaigners, a competing scheme to support further research into the drug proved more popular with the public. But although the Federal campaign enjoyed only limited success, 'Onionhead tzar' Edward Bores remained bullish.  
  
"It's true that we hoped to receive more support," said Bores, "but this is still a significant success. Thousands of tonnes of Onionhead have now been removed from circulation, weakening the criminal networks that thrive on the sale and distribution of this dangerous drug.  
  
Meanwhile, the Altair Purple Mob, which organised the competing campaign, expressed its satisfaction at the outcome:  
  
"Outlawing substances like Onionhead serves only to criminalise otherwise law-abiding citizens and put money in the pockets of criminals. Thanks to the galactic community, we now have the means to conduct further research into Onionhead and prove beyond doubt that not only is it harmless, it possesses considerable health benefits.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-07-05   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Savinykh Hub, LFT 37  
  
Mitzi's Den, Runo  
  
# Starport Repair Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-06-08   
  
The campaign by Aegis Core to fund the refurbishment of starports in the core systems has now ended. A large quantity of construction materials were delivered to Dantec Enterprise.  
  
Carter Armstrong, chief administrator for the project, announced his thanks:  
  
“The galactic community has really pulled through for us. These materials will be put to good use in repairing the damage caused by Thargoid attacks. We’ll soon have these starports restored and offering the high-quality services you’d expect.”  
  
Pilots who made deliveries for this initiative can now collect their rewards from Dantec Enterprise in the Socho system.  
  
# Imperial Citizens are Meant to Fly  
  
3301-04-11   
  
Evidently the Senator from Facece wasn’t engaging in empty political posturing when she said that she would find those responsible for the attack on her father. On Arissa’s orders a sizeable number of Counts and Earls have flocked to Facece to help investigate both their fellow nobility and the citizenry under their care.   
  
Now, in a move doubtlessly spurred by the ongoing investigation, reports coming from Nu state that the Princess Lavigny-Duval has ordered a sizeable fleet of Imperial Clippers be constructed in the shipyards of Syromyatnikov Horizons. The Senator’s office on Facece has stated that the project will be jointly overseen by the Citizens of Tradition and the Gutamaya Corporation.  
  
When asked why she felt the need to establish her own personal fleet, the Princess had this to say:  
  
“There is a venom running through the veins of our great nation, a poison that threatens to consume each and every one of us through our own avarice and spite. This fleet represents a cure. It will be a lance of light that acts to purge the darkness threatening to engulf our homes and corrupt our children. With this fleet I will reclaim our people’s honour, and in doing so I will bring a true and lasting peace to the streets of the Empire.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Eliminating Agitators in Morrina  
  
3302-04-07   
  
Recent reports from Morrina indicate that the system is in the grip of widespread civil unrest. The system's inhabitants have taken to the streets to express their displeasure with local authorities, which have been criticised for failing to tackle rampant criminal activity.  
  
In response to this development, the Morrina Pro-Alliance Party has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the system, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Barjavel Vision.  
  
The campaign begins on the 7th of April 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-07-06   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Theft Baffles Security Experts  
  
3304-06-09   
  
A valuable work of art has been stolen by a mysterious and highly skilled criminal.  
  
The theft took place in the Garden City Gallery on Turner’s World in the Alioth system. Sergeant Femi Abram of the municipal police discussed the incident:  
  
“Our security specialists are currently at a loss to explain how this occurred. The piece in question was inside a titanium vault surrounded by plasma grids, proximity alarms and thermal sensors. This morning we found the vault door open and all security systems disabled. On the wall was a spray-painted graphic of what looked like a winking cat.”  
  
The piece in question is a digital painting titled Youscape. This unusual cyber-artwork includes micro cameras linked to an AI node that monitor the viewer’s reactions. Over time, the image alters in response to the owner’s tastes.  
  
The artwork was scheduled to be auctioned the following day. The artist, Barclay Uxor, told the media:  
  
“Some lowlife scum has robbed the artistic community of a ground-breaking achievement – and cost me millions of credits, too. To leave common graffiti in its place is the ultimate insult!”  
  
Garden City security forces are continuing to investigate, but as yet have no leads.  
  
# Public Polled on President  
  
3301-04-12   
  
Recent GalPoll results show that the President's popularity continues to fall, with her approval rating now down to an abysmal 16%, the lowest approval rating of any President to have ever remained in office in the history of the Federation.  
  
Some (anonymous) comments from the survey are included below:  
  
"This woman, who bombs innocent planets, who happily slaughters people, and, you know, pumps the food chain full of garbage and just everything evil she does, she probably thinks it's funny. Well it's not funny. It's sick. She should be ashamed of herself.   
  
"Does President Halsey even stand for anything? Seems to me all she does is chase around desperately trying to get people to like her. Well, newsflash, Mrs President, no one likes you.  
  
"I think the President is a good woman. She did a lot of good back home and I'm sure she could do a lot of good as a member of Congress. A good President though? No. I'm afraid she's just not a good fit.  
  
"I didn't vote for her then, and I wouldn't vote for her now!  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Improving Mining Facilities at Kooi Gateway  
  
3302-04-07   
  
The Canary Mining Corporation has announced plans to improve mining in the HIP 93377 system by asking independent pilots to deliver mineral extractors to Kooi Gateway, for the development of improved material-processing facilities at the station.  
  
A spokesperson for the corporation made the following statement:  
  
"The new equipment will allow us to efficiently collect, process and store larger quantities of minerals and metals than ever before, as well as offer a wider range of equipment to independent miners working in the system.  
  
The organisation has promised to reward those who deliver the much-needed equipment to Kooi Gateway in the HIP 93377 system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 7th of April 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Specialists Respond to Latest Findings  
  
3303-07-06   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin, leading authority on xeno-biological research, has commented on the discovery of functional technology at the Thargoid structures.  
  
“This revelation is significant not only because it gives us an insight into Thargoid technology, but because it confirms the long-posited connection between the Thargoids and the Unknown Artefacts and Probes. Unfortunately, we still do not know the exact purpose of these pieces of technology. Reconnaissance, surveillance, cartography? The specifics elude us, even while fresh discoveries are made.”  
  
Meanwhile, Ram Tah, the engineer leading research into the lost civilisation known as the Guardians, has commented on reports of interaction between Guardian and Thargoid technology:  
  
“The fact that Guardian artefacts react to the Thargoid device certainly seems to suggest some kind of prior contact, and although we know very little about Thargoid history, interaction between the two races is entirely possible. But the negative nature of the reaction could be a sign that the relationship was not entirely peaceful.”  
  
# Patreus and the Princess Share Food for Thought  
  
3301-04-13   
  
Denton Patreus and Aisling Duval were spotted grabbing dinner in Capitol late last night at the very exclusive pop-up restaurant, Fodder. The Empire's favourite power couple appeared to have a good time, with the pair polishing off several bottles of Chateau De Aegaeon during the course of their three-hour meal.  
  
Aisling looked stunning in a lace red dress with matching accessories. Senator Patreus was his usual dashing self, although he had chosen to go for a more casual unbuttoned look for his dinner date with the people's princess.  
  
After dinner the pair are believed to have retired to the Senator's ship, the Imperial Freedom, which departed Capitol for Eotienses this morning. According to Capitol Space Control, Aisling was onboard the Imperial Freedom when it departed.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Commander Claims Sovereignty over Sagittarius A*  
  
3302-04-08   
  
Unusual news has emerged from the galactic centre, where an independent pilot has declared herself 'Queen of Sagittarius A*'.  
  
Commander Lysianassa, the self-proclaimed monarch, made the 26,000 light year journey in a fully armed Federal Corvette with heavy bulkheads and prismatic shields. Most explorers travelling to the centre of the galaxy are lightly armed, if at all.  
  
The legality and morality of Commander Lysianassa's right-by-conquest approach has been hotly debated by independent pilots. Lysianassa claims to have brought law and order to an otherwise anarchic system, thus protecting defenceless explorers, but not all agree. Some recognise the authority of 'Her Royal Majesty Queen Lysianassa', but others claim she is nothing more than a criminal with delusions of grandeur.  
  
There are currently no provisions in interstellar law about the neutrality of Sagittarius A*, but it is widely considered a heritage site for humanity.  
  
Commander Queen Jezza  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-07-06   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Savinykh Hub, LFT 37  
  
Mitzi's Den, Runo  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-06-10   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
A descendant of Amaro Hem, one of the INRA’s senior members, has been murdered by terrorist group the League of Reparation. The murder recreated the circumstances of Commander John Jameson’s death, and has been interpreted as an act of poetic justice by the League of Reparation. Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez said that the League was using theatrical tactics to ensure its message reached the media.  
  
In other news, Princess Aisling Duval met with not one but two of her suitors over the weekend – Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester and Senator Caspian Leopold. The former was invited to a function at the princess’s palace on Emerald, while the latter made an unofficial visit the following day.  
  
Meanwhile, the Lave Radio Network has announced plans to broadcast its annual conference from the Diso system. To ensure they can share the event with the entire galaxy, the Network has placed an open order for various commodities. But the Lave Jet Family has responded with a rival campaign designed to undermine the Lave Radio initiative, inviting pilots to liberate commodities from those supporting the Lave Radio campaign.  
  
Two initiatives to restore starports damaged by the Thargoids have reached successful conclusions. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaigns by delivering construction materials to Dantec Enterprise in the Socho system and to The Oracle in the Pleiades.  
  
Finally, a valuable work of art has been stolen by a mysterious and highly skilled criminal. A spray-painted graphic of what looked like a winking cat was discovered at the scene of the crime, which took place in the Garden City Gallery on Turner’s World in the Alioth system. Garden City security forces are investigating, but as yet have no leads.   
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-06-13   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
al-Din Prospect, Alpha Centauri  
  
Forbes Terminal, Algorab  
  
Mayer Hub, Kulici  
  
Thornycroft Settlement, Kulici  
  
Schwann Port, Hajangai  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Ocrinox's Orbiter, Munshin  
  
Galileo, Sol  
  
Kraft Works, Alberta  
  
# Kui Hsien and Quivira Refuse Raise in Rates  
  
3301-04-13   
  
Last week it was announced that Silver Universal PLC, the financial branch of the military corporate conglomerate led by Senator Patreus, would be raising interest rates on all outstanding loan agreements.  
  
Following the news, several dozen independent systems reached out to Silver Universal PLC to ask to refinance their previously agreed loans. Silver Universal PLC was gracious enough to work with its debtors to come to new arrangements wherever possible. In some instances, new deals could not be made, but {Imperia} is confident that most of its clients will continue to honour their agreements, regardless of any short term difficulties they may currently be facing.  
  
Unfortunately, not all debtors were willing to face up to their responsibilities. In particular, Kui Hsien and Quivira have refused to acknowledge Silver Universal PLC’s legal right to increase its rates.   
  
In protest, both systems have stopped all payments to Silver Universal PLC. A particularly dangerous gambit given the Senator’s history when dealing with systems that refuse to pay their debts.  
  
# Galactic News: Congratulations to Distant Worlds Explorers  
  
3302-04-08   
  
From a vantage point more than 65,000 light years from Sol, a transmission has been received regarding the Distant Worlds Expedition. Sent by a Commander Salomé, the message congratulates Dr Kaii and Commander Erimus on their colossal achievement, and pays homage to the hundreds of other explorers who took part.  
  
"The voyage has yielded a wealth of exploration data, and may well contain remarkable new discoveries about the galaxy in which we live. It has been a pleasure and privilege to be involved, and I wish all the explorers a safe voyage home.  
  
Early analysis of the recovered data indicates that a number of new routes have been scouted, including pathways to Beagle Point, the Core, the Formidine Rift, the Norma Expanse and many other parts of the galaxy. These routes combine in a complex cobweb, paths through the void. Sceptics were quick to put these discoveries in context, however:  
  
"Scouting a route is all very well, and we applaud the achievements of these adventurers," said Karl Devene, head of Astrocartography at Mars High. "But these explorers should not be under the impression that these areas can be considered even partially charted. There is much that remains to be done.  
  
# Galactic News: New Superpower Bases in the Pleiades  
  
3303-07-06   
  
Last month, the Empire and the Federation launched initiatives to bolster their presences in the Pleiades star cluster. Following the successful conclusion of both campaigns, the superpowers set to work on their respective construction projects. These projects have now come to an end.  
  
In the HR 1185 system, Imperial Senator Zemina Torval presided over the maiden voyage of the Indra, a massive Wells-class Carrier. She concluded the launch with a brief statement, saying, “Space is by nature hostile. The Indra will make this particular system less so.”  
  
Meanwhile, the Federation announced the completion of Blackmount Orbital, an asteroid base sited among the rings of HIP 17692 A4 in the HIP 17692 system. A Federal spokesperson confirmed the outpost would offer independent pilots a wide range of services.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Anti-Slavery Organisations Unite  
  
3304-06-14   
  
Princess Aisling Duval’s anti-slavery campaign has merged with independent charity Universal Liberty. The rebranded organisation is named Unchain.  
  
The former head of Universal Liberty, Jarl Toredo, made an announcement to the media:  
  
“There’s no shortage of poverty and suffering within the Empire, however much some may try to hide it. Few have the courage to face the truth, but Princess Duval has been an inspiration. So I’m very pleased that we’re joining forces with her campaign to end slavery.”  
  
“I was born into slavery. My parents were still slaves when they died. It is for them, and for all human beings treated as less than human, that we demand legal slavery be abolished. I’m proud to be part of Unchain, which will spread our message across the Empire.”  
  
When asked about rumours linking him romantically with Aisling Duval, Toredo said only:   
  
“I suspect Her Highness’s attention is focused elsewhere.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# President Under Pressure to Punish Panem  
  
3301-04-14   
  
Shadow President Hudson appeared before Congress earlier today to demand that President Halsey address the continued spread of Onionhead throughout Federal space.  
  
Despite the implementation of aggressive Federal policies aimed at criminalising possession and distribution of Onionhead, recent reports suggest that Onionhead sales have gone up by as much as 800% in some regions.  
  
With prohibition clearly failing, Congress is now calling on the President to once again act against the Onionhead plantations on Panem. So far, the President has been reluctant to launch another attack on Panem, citing the existence of Lucan Onionhead as proof that an all-out assault on the Onionhead fields will only result in driving the operation underground.  
  
While the President is almost certainly correct in her assessment of the situation, that fact is unlikely to stop Shadow President Hudson from demanding she does everything in her power to shut down Panem's production once and for all.  
  
# Community Goal: New Federal Outpost  
  
3303-07-06   
  
The Federation has announced plans to construct a new survey outpost in the HIP 17692 system. Federal sources have confirmed that the outpost is designed to give the Federation a vantage point, close to the Pleiades, from which to monitor Thargoid activity.  
  
A Federal spokesperson gave the following statement:  
  
“To date, Thargoid vessels have been encountered in the Maia system and around the Pleiades Nebula, so we feel it is important to have a reconnaissance outpost as close to this region as possible.”  
  
The Federation, in coordination with the Pleiades Resource Enterprise, has placed an open order for power generators, geological equipment and meta-alloys for use in the campaign, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Blackmount Orbital in the HIP 17692 system. The Pleiades Resource Enterprise has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering material to Blackmount Orbital can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 6th of July 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Lave Radio Network Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-06-14   
  
The Lave Radio Network has announced that its campaign has reached a successful conclusion. Scores of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Lave Station, thereby allowing the network to broadcast its annual conference to the entire galaxy. A rival campaign from the Lave Jet Family was unable to destabilise the Lave Radio initiative, despite also receiving the support of independent pilots.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, one of the organisers released a statement:  
  
“The signal is spreading. We would like to extend our gratitude to the galactic community for making this possible.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Lave Station in the Lave system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Humanity's Dream  
  
3302-04-12   
  
On this date 1,341 years ago, humanity achieved a dream it had harboured for generations. For the first time, advanced rocket technology propelled a human being beyond the boundaries of Earth and into space.  
  
To commemorate Yuri Gagarin's historic flight, pilots gather every year at the M. Gorbachev starport in the Sol system from 18.00 UST onwards to swap first-flight stories and buy rounds at Tereshkova's Hangout. A member of station personnel said:  
  
"For some, it's quite a pilgrimage. We've had pilots from Sothis, Quince, Fehu and Canopus in previous years. People want to see the cradle of humanity and remember the moment when the dream of touching the stars was realised. It's a time for looking back and looking forward. We spent many millennia dreaming that dream, and it's been just over a thousand years since we achieved it.  
  
Commander Stateira Eleshenar  
  
Sentient Life | Interstellar Press  
  
# Galactic News: Pilots Federation Initiative Concludes  
  
3303-07-06   
  
The Pilots Federation has announced that its campaign to clear the LHS 3447, Eravate and Asellus Primus systems of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of combat pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the systems.  
  
The purpose of the initiative was to secure the systems for inexperienced pilots, many of whom start their careers there. As the campaign drew to a close, authorities in the pertinent systems reiterated their hope that the success of the initiative would allow peacekeeping forces to maintain lasting peace.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Cleve Hub in the Erevate system, Beagle 2 Landing in the Asellus Primus system or Dalton Gateway in the LHS 3447 system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Hudson has Medical Meeting in Mongan  
  
3301-04-14   
  
The Shadow President’s tour of the Federation continued this week with a visit to the Reyan BPS headquarters aboard Moisuc Station, Mongan.   
  
Shadow President Hudson met with healthcare mogul and Reyan BPS CEO, Sam Reyan, to discuss ways in which Reyan BPS and the Federal government can come together to ensure a healthier future for all members of the Federation.  
  
Subjects under discussion included a potential universal healthcare scheme, improved supply chains for frontier worlds and a number of undisclosed projects that would operate under the purview of the Federal Navy. The proposed deals could be worth trillions of credits to Reyan BPS, a corporation who has traditionally struggled to penetrate the ultra-lucrative congressional contracts market.   
  
With so much corporate support beginning to stabilise behind Hudson, it’s only a matter of time before the Shadow President finally makes his move to out Halsey from office.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-04-13   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: People’s Rakapila Progressive Party Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-07-06   
  
A spokesperson for the People’s Rakapila Progressive Party has announced that its appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots contributed to the campaign by delivering domestic appliances, consumer technology and clothing to Stone Enterprise in Rakapila, and by eliminating agitators in the system so traders could deliver commodities in safety.  
  
The organisation has thanked those who supported the campaign. Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Stone Enterprise in the Rakapila system.  
  
# Lave Jet Family Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-06-14   
  
The Lave Jet Family has announced that its campaign to prevent the Lave Radio Network from broadcasting its annual conference has reached a successful conclusion. Scores of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to construct a signal jammer, thereby preventing Lave Radio from transmitting the conference.  
  
The Lave Jet Family has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Lave Station in the Lave system.  
  
# The Talons of Justice  
  
3301-04-15   
  
During an exclusive interview with the popular Imperial politics programme, ‘Question Everything’, Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval provided some new insight into the ongoing investigation into the attempted assassination of Emperor Hengist Duval.  
  
“The fact that anyone would attack the Emperor, in his own palace, when for all intents and purposes he’s already on his deathbed, is symptomatic of a very serious sickness within our society.”  
  
“Certain elements, criminal and otherwise, see the current situation as an opportunity to advance their own agendas. At a time when we should be standing together as one nation, one voice, instead we find ourselves fractured and alone.”  
  
“It doesn’t need to be this way. Together we are stronger than those who wish to seek to tear us down. “  
  
“As proof of that, information provided by Imperial citizens loyal to the ideals upon which our nation was founded has proven invaluable in the hunt for those who sought to strike against us. In particular, agents of the Imperial Court have uncovered two potential locations which may well hold the answers we seek.”   
  
“I call on any pilot who has ever dreamed of honouring the legacy of our great Empire. Assist me in teaching the Emperor’s wayward sons exactly what it means to truly be a member of the greatest nation in the galaxy.”  
  
Following the interview, word arrived at GalNet that citizens wishing to work with the Princess’s new investigative task force can sign up to do so at either of the following locations:  
  
Xuesen Orbital in Nehet  
  
Kowal Dock in Mictlan  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Alliance to Establish New Outpost  
  
3302-04-14   
  
Harlyn Tavistok, a senior member of the Alliance Assembly, has announced plans to establish a new outpost on the fringes of inhabited space. According to Tavistok, the new station will provide the Alliance with "a vitally important new resource, significantly bolstering our reconnaissance and intelligence-gathering capabilities." An Alliance spokesperson provided further details:  
  
"Monitoring activity within human-inhabited space is of central importance to our continued security, but this particular sector currently contains a limited number of operational outposts. Our new station will address this issue.  
  
"To support this campaign, we have placed open orders via our partners at for Robotics, Semi Conductors and Auto Fabricators. Pilots who deliver these essential commodities to our base of operations at Noli Dock will be generously compensated.  
  
The campaign begins on the 14th April 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# East India Company Announces Galactic Silk Road  
  
3301-04-15   
  
The East India Company, one of the larger pilots’ federation members, recently announced a new initiative they are calling “the Galactic Silk Road”. This is a public trade route available to all, and features seventeen of the most highly profitable stops in civilised space.  
  
Although profitable trade routes are nothing new, the East India Company spokesperson in charge of the route, a CMDR Bunny, announced that the organisation will provide protection to those traders wanting to benefit, and has even gone as far as to say that arrangements have been made with the Federal Navy, Mercs of Mikunn, the Merchant Marines, and other factions, in order to patrol the route and protect traders.  
  
The new route is named after the famous four thousand mile trade route across Earth’s continents of Europe and Asia, first seen over three thousand years ago, where merchants made large profits trading silk cloth, while the wealth helped the emerging cultures along the route to prosper and develop.  
  
The stations involved in the new trade scheme are:  
  
Gentil Hub in Harm   
  
Hiya Orbital in Arjung  
  
Lichtenberg City in Scirth  
  
Oren City in Kaliki  
  
Austin Market in Bommatsuri  
  
Weaver Port in Feng Tanga  
  
Capek Orbital in HIP 9989  
  
Houtman Dock in Popocassa   
  
Wachmann Vision in Lileni   
  
Goddard Dock in Xi Wang Mu  
  
Henson Gateway in Dheneb   
  
Giunta Gateway in HIP 7916  
  
Gould Ring in HIP 8830   
  
Harawi Enterprise in HIP 9753   
  
Naddoddur Hub in HR 827  
  
Fabian Term in Badbadzist  
  
Kagawa Vision in Nidayiman  
  
## Federation  
  
# Refugee Centre Initiative  
  
3304-06-15   
  
Due to heightened military action in the core systems, Senator Caspian Leopold has launched an initiative to construct a rehabilitation centre for those affected by the ongoing conflict.  
  
A spokesperson for Senator Leopold gave the following statement to the media:  
  
“An escalation in hostilities from both Thargoid and human parties has left a lot of innocent civilians without food or shelter. Senator Leopold has heard their cries for help, and is building a sanctuary where the safety of refugees can be guaranteed.”  
  
The Nifelhel Corp., which is overseeing the initiative, has placed an open order for Cobalt, Semiconductors and Synthetic Fabrics, promising to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Biruni Port in the Niflhel system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure those contributing commodities to the initiative can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 14th of June 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-07-11   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Mitzi's Den, Runo  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Ptack Hub, HIP 4003  
  
# League of Reparation Implicated in Historic Deaths  
  
3304-06-15   
  
A recent report suggests that terrorist organisation the League of Reparation may be responsible for many more deaths than previously suspected.  
  
Independent journalist Flint ‘Firemaker’ Lafosse shared his theories on the Rewired newsfeed:  
  
“We know these League guys are wiping out people whose grandfolks used to work for the INRA, and it seems like things started when they poisoned that Imperial senator. But what if that wasn’t their first murder, merely the first time they claimed responsibility? What if they’ve been active for years and nobody noticed?”  
  
“I’ve been digging through old records of unsolved homicides. There’s a dozen in the Federation alone where the cause of death was some kind of ‘nerve agent’ – just like with the senator and a few others. Not all the victims were identified, but I found four who definitely had the INRA in their past. These people didn’t die recently but between one and five years ago. Coincidence?”  
  
“The League also likes to blast its targets out of the sky. Think of all those unexplained shipwrecks found drifting in space over the years. How many were because one of the crew had some long-forgotten INRA connection? Dozens…hundreds? How long has the League been hiding among us, silently taking out ordinary people? And who’s next?”  
  
Chief Inspector Kay Kilbride of Alliance Interpol responded on behalf of the united taskforce investigating the League:  
  
“We cannot verify that these cold cases have any link with the League of Reparation. We’d also like to caution against this kind of baseless conjecture, which only serves to spread confusion. We are still pursuing more concrete leads, and hope to make a breakthrough very soon.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Imperial Law and Order: Investigation into Attack on Emperor Continues  
  
3301-04-16   
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval’s ongoing investigation in to the attack on the Emperor took the Princess to Nehet yesterday, where the Senator from Facece directed her followers to launch an all out attack on the Nehet Silver Ring.  
  
Hundreds of pilots answered Arissa’s call to arms, and under the direction of the Patrons of Law the makeshift fleet was able to provide more than enough firepower to grind the Nehet Silver Ring into dust. While crime is still a problem for the citizens of Nehet, at least it has finally been brought back to a manageable level.   
  
During the process of dismantling the NSR’s operation, agents loyal to Arissa uncovered evidence that criminals operating in and around Almad may have helped facilitate the attack against the Emperor.  
  
At the same time, hundreds more pilots answered the Princess’s call to end all criminal activity taking place in Mictlan. This inevitably resulted in the Mictlan Cartel being crushed beneath the weight of Arissa’s stylish yet affordable Clippers (which are still available at a significant discount from Syromyatnikov Horizons in Nu).   
  
Before the cartel’s leadership met their final fate, a team of Imperial inquisitors were able to convince them to reveal who brokered the deal to strike against the Emperor. This new information points to the presence of a previously unknown underworld consultancy, who are believed to be based somewhere in the vicinity of LTT 9810.  
  
Commanders interested in aiding the ongoing investigation can sign up for active duty at Heinkel City in Almad, and Gutierrez Terminal in LTT 9810.  
  
# Community Goal: Bringing Back the Bourbon  
  
3302-04-14   
  
Rumours from the Epsilon Indi system suggest that the United Epsilon Indi Flag is recruiting independent Commanders for a campaign called 'Bribes 4 Bourbon'. In a series of illicit meetings with system officials, the organisation reportedly secured an agreement to revise the status of Indi Bourbon and make it a legal beverage.  
  
Yulia 'The Needle' Kuriakova, a spokeswoman for the organisation, said:  
  
"For almost a year, authorities in Epsilon Indi have prohibited the production of Indi Bourbon, which is classified as an illegal substance. Our plan is to bring vast quantities of illegal liquor Mansfield Orbiter to pay off the officials.  
  
The United Epsilon Indi Flag has requested that Burnham Bile Distillate, Eranin Pearl Whisky, Leestian Evil Juice and Wuthielo Ku Froth be smuggled into Mansfield Orbiter. A temporary black market has been established to accept these commodities.  
  
The Federation, meanwhile, has asserted that the campaign represents an act of economic malfeasance, and has accused the United Epsilon Indi Flag of inciting civil disobedience. But Epsilon Indi is no stranger to dissent: in November last year an explosive-smuggling operation organised by a group called Revolution Incorporated was uncovered.  
  
The United Epsilon Indi Flag has promised to reward pilots who deliver rare liquors to Mansfield Orbiter in the Epsilon Indi system. The campaign begins on the 14th of April 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Canary Mining Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3302-04-14   
  
The Canary Mining Corporation has announced that it has received sufficient quantities of to carry out its improvement programme at Kooi Gateway. Hundreds of pilots responded to the organisation's appeal by delivering the much-needed equipment to the station in the HIP 93377 system.  
  
Following the success of the campaign, a spokesperson for the Canary Mining Corporation released a brief statement:  
  
"The Canary Mining Corporation has been working tirelessly for years to develop the mining and extraction facilities in HIP 93377. Today, that hard work has paid off as our plans become reality. We are hugely grateful to those who helped us achieve our goal by supporting this appeal. Thanks to you, mining facilities in HIP 93377 will be greatly improved and Kooi Gateway will become the system's extraction powerhouse."  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-07-12   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Lave Radio Network Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-06-15   
  
The Lave Radio Network has announced that its campaign has reached a successful conclusion. Scores of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Lave Station, thereby allowing the network to broadcast its annual conference to the entire galaxy. A rival campaign from the Lave Jet Family was unable to destabilise the Lave Radio initiative, despite also receiving the support of independent pilots.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, one of the organisers released a statement:  
  
“The signal is spreading. We would like to extend our gratitude to the galactic community for making this possible.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Lave Station in the Lave system.  
  
# Synteini Slave Sale Honours Emperor  
  
3301-04-17   
  
Last week Zemina Torval and Aisling Duval went head to head in a contest Imperial citizens have dubbed the ‘Great Slaver Showdown’. Both parties used the competition as an excuse to promote their own radical philosophies regarding the laws surrounding Imperial Slavery, and it looks like we finally know whose stance the Imperial public supports more.  
  
During the course of the competition, Aisling’s Angels freed an impressive 1,149,756 slaves, but this effort was dwarfed by supporters of the Imperial Slavers Association, who provided a better way of life for 2,387,567 non-citizens.   
  
In recognition of the efforts of everyone who took part in the competition, the office of Senator Torval released the following statement to GalNet:  
  
“The ISA would like to thank all participants for the overwhelming support shown for the Imperial Slavers Association and the Imperial way of life we represent.”  
  
“Sadly even our state of the art facilities couldn’t get the almost two and a half million new recruits ready for sale in such a short space of time. However, never let it be said that Zemina Torval does not keep her promises.”  
  
“In honour of the Emperor, for the glory of the House of Duval, and in recognition of all they have done to advance our people and culture, Senator Torval has today authorised the sale of 5 million Imperial Slaves, to be made available in the markets of Lagerkvist Gateway.  
  
“5 million Imperial Slaves. 20% off regular retail price. Only while stocks last.”  
  
# Community Goal: NULL Campaign Begins  
  
3303-07-13   
  
NULL, an independent organisation based in LTT 4961, has announced plans to build a new base at Greg's Legacy, a large asteroid named after one of the organisation’s founding members.  
  
The organisation has placed an open order for titanium, aluminium, copper and tea in support of this initiative, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these goods to Conway City in LTT 4961. It has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, as part of an initiative to rid the system of corruption and crime.  
  
A spokesperson for NULL released the following statement:  
  
“Having secured the necessary funds, we are now in a position to offer generous rewards to pilots who support this two-pronged initiative. With the help of the galaxy’s independent pilots, we hope to both expand the economic power of LTT 4961 and bring peace to the system.”  
  
The operation begins on the 13th of July 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Morrina Peacekeeping Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3302-04-14   
  
The Morrina Pro-Alliance Party has announced that its campaign to clear the Morrina system of agitators was a success. Hundreds of combat pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system. A spokesperson for the Morrina Pro-Alliance Party released a brief statement:  
  
"We are hugely grateful to all those who contributed to this campaign. Your efforts have brought a measure of stability to Morrina, allowing us to move towards a better, more peaceful future.  
  
Rewards for those who contributed to the initiative are now available for collection at Barjavel Vision.  
  
# Worshipping the Thargoids  
  
3304-06-16   
  
A fringe religion that worships the Thargoids has come under the spotlight in a new academic article.  
  
The author, Dr Alfred Ulyanov, is a leading expert in exotheology. He summarised his work for the media:  
  
“A recent report by Gethin Okonkwo highlighted the emergence of doomsayer cults in response to the return of the Thargoids. But few are as strange as my current object of study – an organisation that considers the Thargoids to be not merely alien, but divine.”  
  
“This mysterious sect doesn’t have a formal name. The central tenet of its faith is that the Thargoids we have encountered so far are messengers – dark angels sent to prepare us for the true sacred presence, which will soon enter our plane of existence from another universe. They refer to this as the Far God.”  
  
“As with many monotheistic belief structures, this cult considers the Far God to be unknowable and omnipotent, but also apocalyptic. Only true believers such as themselves will survive its manifestation.”  
  
“Visiting one of the cult’s hive-chapels is an unsettling experience. Aside from a few pulsing green lights they are very dark, and most surfaces are covered in a black coral-like substance. The congregation’s prayers are directed toward an altar resembling the starfish shape of Thargoid vessels, almost like an octagonal crucifix. It’s impossible to ignore that the entire place reeks of ammonia.”  
  
“Cult members tend to wear simple hooded robes with no markings. They are intense and resolute, but many look unhealthy. It seems that this lifestyle attracts those on the very edge of society, whose low self-esteem leaves them vulnerable to beliefs that erode their identity.”  
  
“As an exotheologian, I am of course fascinated by the sociological impact of non-human influences. But even for a scientist, it is difficult not to feel pity, and perhaps a little revulsion, for those who identify more with a hostile species than with their own people.”  
  
# The Hunt for Justice  
  
3301-04-20   
  
Senator Patreus has today begun the process of sending his agents to reclaim the debt owed to him by the government of Kui Hsien.  
  
The Friends of Kui Hsien, the cooperative council that rules over the region, had previously entered into an agreement with Senator Patreus to supply Kui Hsien with the arms they needed to repel an invasion by the Federal-aligned Future of LTT 911 Party. Kui Hsien’s economy was devastated during the war with LTT 911, and the Friends now find themselves in the unenviable position of being unable to repay their debt.  
  
Over the last week, dozens of local traders have gone to extraordinary efforts to stimulate Kui Hsien’s economy. Sadly their efforts were not enough, as the Friends of Kui Hsien still find themselves unable to meet the financial demands placed on them by Senator Patreus and Eotienses Silver Universal PLC.  
  
As a result, Senator Patreus has authorised the Conservatives of BV Phoenicis to begin the forfeiture process. Imperial mercenaries interested in participating in the reclamation effort are being invited to sign up for active duty aboard Aoki Dock in BV Phoenicis.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Outpost Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-07-13   
  
A Federal spokesperson has announced that the Federation’s appeal for construction materials has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots contributed to the campaign by delivering construction materials to Blackmount Orbital in HIP 17692, and by eliminating agitators in the system so traders could deliver commodities in safety.  
  
In a statement, the spokesperson said:  
  
“This new outpost will give us an excellent vantage point from which to monitor the Thargoids. Those who supported this initiative have our sincere gratitude.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Blackmount Orbital in the HIP 17692 system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Ishmael Palin to Retire from Active Research  
  
3302-04-15   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin has announced his intention to retire from the research institute he founded last year. In a statement, the professor explained the reasoning behind the decision:  
  
"It has been a tremendous pleasure to be part of the discourse surrounding the Unknown Artefacts, and to share ideas and opinions with so many passionate individuals. But there are dark forces at work in the galactic community – forces that exist in opposition to the ideals I hold most dear – and I lack the strength to continue fighting them.  
  
"I have therefore decided to relinquish my directorship of The Palin Institute to Professor Cora Shaw, who has for many years been my closest ally. I have every faith in Professor Shaw's ability to lead The Palin Institute to even greater heights, and to uphold the ideals for which it stands.  
  
"I fully intend to continue researching the Unknown Artefacts and meta-alloys, albeit in a more inconspicuous fashion, at my personal research centre on Maia A 3 a. Those who wish to visit me there are very welcome to do so. There is nothing I enjoy more than spending time with those who share my interests!  
  
# Lori Jameson Denounces Terrorist Organisation  
  
3304-06-16   
  
The engineer Lori Jameson has made a public statement regarding the League of Reparation. The terrorist group claims to be seeking justice for the betrayal of her ancestor, the legendary pilot Commander John Jameson.  
  
Her message was recorded at Jameson Memorial and broadcast by several media networks:  
  
“There’s been a lot of speculation about what connection I might have with the so-called League of Reparation, which has murdered a number of people in recent weeks. The answer is none whatsoever. Like all of you, I am sickened by this bizarre form of genealogical terrorism.”  
  
“I’m not prepared to discuss my family in a public forum, but I want everyone to know that I am personally appalled by this, and am doing everything I can to help the authorities.”  
  
“I’m sure that Nexus – whoever or whatever it might be – is listening to this message. So to them I say: stop. These acts of revenge for my great-grandfather are misguided, unnecessary and evil. If you really want to honour his name, you’ll allow us to live in peace without fear.”  
  
Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez, a member of the tri-power taskforce dedicated to stopping the League, added:  
  
“I can confirm that Lori Jameson is cooperating with our investigation. We are completely satisfied that she, her family and her associates are entirely unconnected to the League of Reparation. We hope that her message convinces Nexus to see sense and stop this pointless violence.”  
  
# Silver Allied Network Implicated in Attack on Emperor!  
  
3301-04-20   
  
Thousands of Imperial bounty hunters answered the call of Princess Arissa over the last week, joining her in the hunt to uncover the identity of the cabal behind the cowardly attack on the ailing Emperor.  
  
Acting on the advice of several trustworthy members of the Imperial court, the Princess began by disrupting several large-scale criminal operations taking place in Nehet and Mictlan. Hundreds of Imperial Commanders loyal to the Princess descended on the systems in force. The fury of the makeshift fleet shattered the local gangs, and within 24 hours the fighting was over.  
  
Information uncovered during the strike on Mictlan led investigators to LTT 9810, a system under the protection of Senator Zemina Torval. There it became apparent that a rogue division of the LTT 9810 Silver Allied Network had been acting as a financial consultancy service for some of the more successful Imperial crime families.   
  
Senator Torval, along with SAN’s board of directors, has denied any knowledge of the rogue division’s activity. They have now opened up their records to Princess Arissa’s investigators, who are currently hard at work trying to trace a series of payments that they believe may lead back to the cabal responsible for the attack.  
  
The Princess has requested that members of her fleet remain close to Achenar. As soon as any new information is available, the next stage of the investigation will begin.  
  
# Galactic News: New Research Centre at Thargoid Site  
  
3303-07-14   
  
As the number of newly discovered Thargoid structures continues to grow, reports from the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 indicate that the Oracle, an Ocellus starport, has relocated to the system in order to study the region’s Thargoid structure.  
  
Governor Ahmed, the starport’s principal administrator, released the following statement:  
  
“The Oracle has long been a hub for scientific research, and in recent years many of our researchers have started focusing on Unknown Artefacts and Probes. The Thargoid structures are ripe for further study, and I therefore believe it is essential that we have a dedicated research centre at one of these sites.”  
  
“We need to know more about the Thargoids – what they want, why they’re here and ideally how to communicate with them. My hope is that the Oracle will help us answer some of these questions.”  
  
The Oracle is expected to arrive in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 within the next few days.  
  
# Galactic News: Did the Empire Destroy Starship One?  
  
3302-04-15   
  
Tensions between the Federation and the Empire look likely to increase following an announcement from Federal politician Jacob Harris. In a statement released to The Federal Times, Harris claimed that the destruction of Starship One was not the result of mechanical failure, as was widely reported, but was in fact the result of deliberate sabotage by Imperial agents.  
  
"I cannot identify my sources for fear of compromising their safety," said Harris, "but I can assure you that their information is correct. Starship One was destroyed by the Empire in an attempt to destabilise the Federal power base. It was made to look like an accident – the official Federal investigation even concluded it was an accident – but it most certainly was not.  
  
Imperial officials were quick to condemn Harris's claims, citing both his lack of evidence and his reluctance to reveal his sources. Among those voicing scepticism was Senator Zemina Torval.  
  
"This is nothing more than uncorroborated gossip," said the senator, "and it is highly irresponsible of Jacob Harris to disseminate such rumours. The Empire would never perpetrate such an act, and given Harris's well-known predilection for scaremongering, I think only a fool would believe him.  
  
The Federation appeared less eager to dismiss Harris's claims, although a statement from Shadow President Felicia Winters indicated that she was not necessarily ready to accept the story, either.  
  
"These rumours are certainly troubling, but it would be highly imprudent for us to believe them without evidence. Harris has made an extraordinary claim, so the burden of proving that claim rests with him.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-06-17   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval’s anti-slavery campaign has merged with independent charity Universal Liberty. The rebranded organisation is named Unchain. The former head of Universal Liberty, Jarl Toredo, expressed his delight at the union, while rebuffing questions about his rumoured romantic attachment to Aisling Duval.  
  
Lori Jameson has made a public statement regarding the League of Reparation, which claims to be seeking justice for her ancestor, Commander John Jameson. She denied any connection to the organisation while describing its actions as “misguided, unnecessary and evil”.  
  
Meanwhile, an independent journalist has suggested that the League of Reparation may be responsible for many more deaths than previously suspected, drawing a link between the terrorist organisation and various unsolved homicides. Chief Inspector Kay Kilbride of Alliance Interpol denied that the cold cases had any connection to the League of Reparation.  
  
A new academic article has drawn attention to a fringe religion that worships the Thargoids. The sect, which has no formal name, believes that the Thargoids are heralds of an omnipotent entity called the Far God. Dr Alfred Ulyanov, a leading expert in exotheology, has published an extensive commentary on the sect.  
  
In other news, Senator Caspian Leopold has launched an initiative to construct a rehabilitation centre for those affected by heightened military action in the core systems. A spokesperson for Senator Leopold said: “An escalation in hostilities from both Thargoid and human parties has left a lot of innocent civilians without food or shelter. Senator Leopold has heard their cries for help, and is building a sanctuary where the safety of refugees can be guaranteed.”  
  
Finally, the competing campaigns from the Lave Radio Network and the Lave Jet Family have come to an end. Both factions received support from independent pilots, to whom generous rewards were promised, but ultimately there could be only one victor.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Torval Apologises for Synteini Slave Snafu  
  
3301-04-21   
  
Last weekend the Imperial Slavers Association was supposed to make 5 million Imperial Slaves available for a significant discount in the markets aboard Lagerkvist Gateway. Much to the dismay of hundreds of eager Imperial traders, the slaves (and their associated discount) were delayed by members of Princess Lavigny-Duval’s retinue as they attempted to pass through LTT 9810.  
  
This unfortunate snafu meant that the ISA was unable to make good on Senator Zemina Torval’s promise. Reports from those close to the Senator state that Zemina was furious when she learned that Princess Arissa’s agents had seized her shipment. However, in light of the Silver Allied Network incident, the Senator is said to have since seen the wisdom of the investigators' actions.  
  
In a statement released earlier today, Senator Torval had this to say:  
  
“It is with deep embarrassment that I must apologise to all those whose businesses were unfortunately affected by the ongoing investigation into the attack on our beloved Emperor.”  
  
“I have no doubt that Senator Lavigny’s agents acted with the Emperor’s best interests at heart. As do we all. Indeed I urge those hard working loyalists to come and partake in the fantastic selection of discounted produce we have available for sale in Synteini.””  
  
“A fresh shipment of Imperial Slaves is currently being prepared for sale at Lagerkvist Gateway. The sale is now officially underway, as promised, but stock levels will remain low until the new shipment arrives in Synteini later this week.”  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-07-19   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Ptack Hub, HIP 4003  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Gardner Port, Salikians  
  
# Freelance Report: Fuel Rats Reach Milestone  
  
3302-04-18   
  
A Fuel Rats public relations official has announced that the collective has now succeeded in rescuing more than 10,000 stranded pilots.  
  
Comprising a widespread network of voluntary search and rescue agents, the Fuel Rats has maintained a success rate of over 95% since its foundation in June 3301. On average, the group saves 36 pilots a day.  
  
"The Fuel Rats is the only collective entirely dedicated to such rescues," said the representative. "For a cooperative based on volunteers, donations and goodwill to reach such a milestone in less than a year is impressive.  
  
"When I look back at our anarchic beginnings, and see this ragtag bunch of misfit explorers expand into this remarkable cooperative, I am humbled.  
  
The representative also explained that the group is planning a memorial service for all those the Fuel Rats failed to save. The service is currently planned for the 5th of May 3302 and is scheduled to run for one week.  
  
Commander Kerenn  
  
# Investor Funds Colonia Shipyards  
  
3304-06-20   
  
Renowned billionaire Zachary Rackham, owner of Rackham Capital Investments, has made a sizeable charitable donation to build new shipyards in the Colonia region.  
  
Mr Rackham, known in some circles as ‘Calico Zack’, made this statement:  
  
“If there’s one thing I remember from flying around the galaxy in a second-hand Sidewinder with a leaky life-support module and only fifty credits in my pocket, it’s the thrill of exploration. And Colonia is the embodiment of that spirit, the farthest-flung outpost of civilisation.”  
  
“That’s why I want to support it by funding the development of new shipyards. Every planetary port in the region, bar Colonia Hub, will soon be able to offer pilots the support services they need. It’s my way of celebrating a youth filled with poverty and danger, by giving a boost to the next generation of explorers.”  
  
Bryanna Blanco, a financial journalist for The Federal Times, also published a statement:  
  
“Obviously this is tremendous news for Colonia and all those operating within the region. The timing of Rackham’s donation is curious, however, coming as it does shortly before a company-wide audit. Having such a colossal sum placed beyond the reach of tax officials will certainly help that old pirate – and his crew of accountants – sleep better at night.”  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# Eotienses Rejuvenation Project Unveiled  
  
3301-04-21   
  
In what many pundits are calling a clear attempt to consolidate his position as the most influential arms dealer in the Empire, Senator Denton Patreus has today announced an initiative to rejuvenate Parkinson Dock, in order to promote the development of High Tech goods in Eotienses.  
  
The initiative, which is being overseen by the Citizens’ Forum, aims to bring thousands of new jobs to the region. Imperial corporations are already engaged in a hot bidding war over rights to establish a presence on the newly reinvigorated Parkinson Dock, despite rumours that most of the available space has been reserved for businesses with established ties to the Senator.   
  
In order to properly repurpose the facilities aboard Parkinson Dock, the Citizens’ Forum has placed several sizable orders of Industrial Materials in the local market. Once those orders are filled, engineers will be able to start work on the rejuvenation process.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Pleiades Research Outpost  
  
3303-07-20   
  
The recent revelation that the Thargoids have returned to human space has sent shockwaves through the galaxy.  
  
Some, such as Federal President Zachary Hudson, have reacted defensively, promising to protect humanity from what they believe is an aggressive alien race. More moderate voices have underscored the need for further information, since so little is known about the Thargoids.  
  
One such voice belongs to Abroin Universal Plc, which has announced plans to establish a research outpost in the Pleiades Nebula – one of the centres of Thargoid activity.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
“The Thargoids are active principally in the Pleiades Nebula, so we are eager to establish a research outpost there. As Edmund Mahon said, there is potentially a great deal we could learn from them. Hopefully this new outpost will let us do just that.”  
  
Abroin Universal Plc has placed an open order for Semiconductors, Lithium and Energy Grid Assemblies for use in the construction, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Campbell Horizons in the Abroin system. The organisation placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure those delivering material to Campbell Horizons can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 20th of July 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Freelance Report: First Expedition to Rho Cassiopeiae Confirmed  
  
3302-04-18   
  
Commander turkwinif, flying an Anaconda specially outfitted for long-distance hyperspace jumps, has become the first pilot to reach Rho Cassiopeiae. The class-F hypergiant star is notable for being visible to the naked eye from Earth, and for being positioned in a particularly hard-to-reach area of what explorers call the Formidine Rift.  
  
Many pilots have previously tried to reach Rho Cassiopeiae, and their lack of success led many to consider the star beyond the reach of current technology. Commander turkwinif reported that reaching the system required careful route planning and the use of numerous FSD fuel injections.  
  
Commander Finn McMillan  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-06-20   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Swift Vision, Lu Pao  
  
Klimuk Station, LHS 336  
  
Guth Dock, Azrael  
  
Charlois Enterprise, T'ien  
  
Hughes Port, Gadjali  
  
Stabenow Survey, Cerno  
  
Kube-McDowell Enterprise, Kakas  
  
# Patreus and Aisling Attend Benefit Gala  
  
3301-04-22   
  
Denton Patreus and Aisling Duval were spotted in attendance at ‘A Dinner to Defeat Dementia’ in Capitol last night. The Empire’s favourite power couple spent several hours mingling with Senators, CEOs and a few of the charity’s lucky patrons, before dazzling the crowd with a rather energetic display on the dance floor.  
  
Aisling was dressed in an unusually demure, long necked, floor length red gown with flowing sleeves. The Senator was dressed casually in an open necked navy blue shirt with stylish silver trimming along the collar and cuffs.   
  
The couple were accompanied by Aisling’s new entourage, a dozen young orphans, dubbed Aisling’s ‘Cherubs’ by the attendees. The children delighted the crowd by singing, dancing and reciting several epic works of Imperial poetry.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: NULL Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-07-20   
  
A spokesperson for NULL has announced that its appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Conway City, the organisation’s base of operations. The organisation’s campaign to clear the system of agitators has also been a success.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released the following statement:  
  
“With the help of the galactic community we have been able to amass the necessary materials to build our new base, and rid the system of corruption and crime. We would like to thank all those who helped make this initiative a success.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Conway City in the LTT 4961 system.  
  
# Galactic News: Services Suspended at Fozard Dock  
  
3302-04-18   
  
Authorities at Fozard Dock in the HIP 19934 system have announced the immediate suspension of all services due to Unknown Artefact-related interference. Starport personnel have confirmed that only docking and shipyard access remain available. This brings the total number of starports closed as a result of the technological plague to 12. The affected stations are:  
  
Fozard Dock, HIP 19934  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Ackerman Market, Eravate  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gabriel Enterprise, Harma  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis  
  
Weyn Dock, 64 Arietis  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are still experiencing technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Love Ring, Evejitaka  
  
Robigo Mines, Robigo  
  
Saunders's Dive, Wolf 1301  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe  
  
# League of Reparation Agents Apprehended  
  
3304-06-20   
  
A homicide attempt by terrorist organisation the League of Reparation has been foiled, and the would-be killers taken into custody.  
  
The arrests were made by Chief Inspector Kay Kilbride of Alliance Interpol, who is part of the united taskforce investigating the League. She released this statement:  
  
“I am pleased to confirm that the latest assassination attempt by the League of Reparation has been prevented, and that we have apprehended several of the group’s members.”  
  
“The operation involved revealing the location of one Dinah Law, a descendant of INRA employee Trystan Law. We anticipated that the League would follow its modus operandi and attempt to eliminate Ms Law, so with her cooperation we placed taskforce agents at her home. Fortunately, there were able to overpower the terrorists.”  
  
“The captives have been transported to a secure Interpol facility for interrogation. Our primary aim is to establish the identity of Nexus – the entity that provides the organisation’s members with their instructions. I have already conducted preliminary questioning of the prisoners and have acquired some significant facts.”  
  
“I’m confident that this is the beginning of the end for the League of Reparation, and that the taskforce’s efforts will soon pay off.”  
  
# Race to Center of Galaxy Starts in Sol  
  
3301-04-23   
  
Pilots from all over civilized space are gathering on Galileo station near planet Earth to begin one of the most ambitious organized rally race ever attempted. Called the Buckyball Run A*, this endurance race challenges commanders to reach the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy, Sagittarius A*, in the shortest amount of time possible. This contest is the latest iteration of the popular Buckyball Runs, a series of unsanctioned point-to-point rally races across the galaxy.  
  
According to Mirana Ortilano, a spokesperson for the event, the choice of Sagittarius A* as the finish line is explained by its significance as the center of the Milky Way galaxy. “It’s a pilgrimage for many, for many different reasons. We’re just helping pilots get there faster.”  
  
The Buckyball Run A* however differs from the previous competitions as this time the challenge will remain permanently open. To elaborate on this difference, Mirana Ortilano adds: “This is the first long distance endurance challenge. Needless to say, the risk and commitment of the pilots are much greater than in previous runs.”  
  
Although there is no prize to be won, she insists that “there is a tangible benefit. Commanders who run more than one Buckyball are invariably better pilots.The skills earned will stay with a pilot through his or her entire career.”  
  
The Buckyball Braben Star-to-Shining-Star Memorial Trophy Dash, simply known as the Buckyball Run, is not endorsed by any official organization. Commanders seeking to participate in this contest are asked to register directly with representatives of the Buckyball Run.  
  
At the time of broadcast, the galactic record holder for the fastest travel from Galileo station to Sgr A* is commander Anuranium, at the helm of a Faulcon DeLacy Anaconda.  
  
Léonard Chamberlain - Galnet News Correspondent  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-07-25   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Gardner Port, Salikians  
  
# Freelance Report: Canonn to Make Deep-Space Rendezvous  
  
3302-04-19   
  
An escape pod containing Canonn scientist Shannon Day has been miraculously recovered by an explorer named Commander Josh Hawkins, according to transmissions received from his ship.  
  
In his transmissions, Commander Hawkins revealed that he was able to extract Shannon Day's pilot log from her escape pod. From this he discovered that her ship had been sabotaged by Socha Korbemile, the former Canonn member who betrayed Dr Arcanonn.  
  
Now, the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has announced that two scientists – Commanders Bowen the Kotoc and Julian McCoy – have been dispatched to find Commander Hawkins and bring Day's escape pod home to Thompson Dock in the Varati system.  
  
When news of Day's rescue reached Dr Arcanonn, he requested that her escape pod be recovered as quickly as possible, but it is not yet known why she is so important to the scientist.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Thargoids Repelled from Core Systems  
  
3304-06-21   
  
Aegis has confirmed that the Thargoid presence in the core systems has been significantly diminished, due largely to the efforts of the galactic community.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, chief military liaison with Aegis, made this statement:  
  
“This is a very positive development. Using data from our Eagle Eye network, courageous members of the galactic community have formed a barrier of steel and fire, preventing Thargoid vessels from encroaching further. In doing so they have prevented several starports from being attacked, saving many thousands of lives.”  
  
“Furthermore, in many regions the Thargoid incursion has actually been reversed. Although they remain entrenched within the Pleiades, their forces in the core systems have been pushed back to the Bhal system, their initial beachhead.”  
  
“Aegis offers its sincere thanks and congratulations to every one of the Commanders who risked their lives by meeting our enemy in battle. These audacious pilots have proved that humanity’s spirit is far from broken. Victory against the Thargoids will be hard-won, but I am in no doubt that with defenders of this calibre, it will one day be achieved.”  
  
# Merchant Marines Launch Operation Papercut  
  
3301-04-24   
  
Reports coming in from Eotienses indicate that a group of Federal Commanders, known as the Merchant Marines, are currently engaged in a series of unauthorised attacks against Imperial traders in the employ of Senator Patreus.   
  
In a statement released to GalNet, the Merchant Marines had this to say:  
  
“The Merchant Marines have launched Operation Papercut. We plan to blockade the Eotienses system in an attempt to stop Imperial traders from supplying Parkinson Dock with industrial materials. The group fears that High Tech production could turn Eotienses into a catalyser for the Imperial war machine already fuelled by Denton Patreus.”  
  
“The Marines intend to interdict all traders in the system and thus halt economic growth. Traders will be given a single warning to leave the system. Any further action will result in more aggressive coercion.”  
  
GalNet reached out to President Halsey’s office to request an official statement in regards to the Merchant Marines' actions. At time of press, the President’s office had not yet chosen to reply.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-07-26   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Starports Recover from Thargoid Strikes  
  
3304-06-21   
  
Three starports attacked and damaged by Thargoid forces have now been restored to full functionality.  
  
Carter Armstrong, chief administrator with Aegis Core, told the press:  
  
“When we requested help to repair Thargoid-hit starports, we hoped the galactic community would be generous, but they exceeded our expectations. A colossal influx of materials has enabled us to repair two stations in the core systems in record time.”  
  
“I’m pleased to announce that Armstrong Enterprise in the Bhal system and Beaufoy Vision in the Nauni system are now open for business. Keeping these starports operable allows us to honour those who lost their lives in the Thargoid attacks. Enormous thanks to everyone who participated.”  
  
Senior Engineer Lilith Galloway of Aegis Research, who coordinated a parallel project, released a similar statement:  
  
“Here in the Pleiades, survival is never guaranteed. But Reed's Rest in Merope has endured, thanks to the galactic community’s incredible support. This is what we do when things get tough – we rebuild and come back stronger.”  
  
All three starports are now fully operational and providing a range of services.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-04-20   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Abroin Universal PLC Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-07-27   
  
A press release from the Abroin Universal PLC has confirmed that the organisation’s appeal for construction materials has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal by delivering commodities to Campbell Horizons, the organisation’s base of operations, and by eliminating pilots in the Abroin system in order to protect traders.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, a spokesperson for the organisation gave a brief statement:  
  
“We have been brought into contact with an intelligent, space-faring species. Just think of what we could learn from them! With luck, this outpost will herald a whole new era of scientific research.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Campbell Horizons in the Abroin system.  
  
# Justice Isn’t Always Blind  
  
3301-04-24   
  
Just when it looked like the trail was turning cold, a new clue has been uncovered in the investigation into the attack on the Emperor.   
  
According to forensic accountants working on behalf of Princess Lavigny-Duval, the evidence suggests that rogue members of Silver Allied Network channelled funds for the attack through Silver Universal Plc. The credits were then sent to an account in the HR 706 system.   
  
Sources close to the investigation informed GalNet that the clue was actually uncovered several days ago, but certain groups within the Empire had been slow in granting the Princess’s fleet unrestricted access to the system.  
  
Whatever the truth, Princess Lavigny-Duval has finally sent word for her fleet to begin dismantling all crime syndicates operating in HR 706. It is believed that Emperor’s Grace has lodged a formal complaint with the Senate over Senator Lavigny’s incursion into their system, but so far the complaint has gone unanswered.  
  
Imperial citizens interested in aiding the Princess with her investigation are being asked to report for active duty aboard Laming Orbital.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Upgrading Greeboski's Outpost  
  
3302-04-21   
  
Chancellor Zahra Arias of the Sovereign Justice Collective has announced plans to upgrade the infrastructure and defensive viability of Greeboski's Outpost in the Phiagre system. In a statement, Chancellor Arias said:  
  
"Greeboski's Outpost is a bastion for the people of Phiagre and a monument to our independence, and I consider it my duty to upgrade the starport's services. I have therefore placed an open order for titanium so we can begin the improvement programme.  
  
Chancellor Arias also called on the Pilots Federation to support Sovereign Justice Collective forces by protecting traders delivering titanium to Greeboski's Outpost. Pilots who hand in bounty vouchers or deliver titanium to the starport will be generously rewarded.  
  
The campaign begins on the 21st of April 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Aegis Installation Campaign  
  
3304-06-21   
  
Aegis has announced plans to build a military installation in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55.  
  
An Aegis spokesperson gave the following statement to the media:  
  
“After the recent occupation of Socho by a hostile criminal element, it is imperative that Aegis bolster its holdings in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55. The construction of a military installation will allow us to continue our fight against the Thargoids unhindered by external forces.”  
  
Aegis Research has placed an open order for mined resources, promising to reward pilots who deliver these to The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure those contributing commodities to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 21st of June 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Travel Advisory for NGC 6124  
  
3301-04-25   
  
Warning: A Travel Advisory is issued for system NGC 6124 SECTOR DW-N C6-10.  
  
This system should be avoided, but not due to solar storms.   
  
Explorer Lance 'Spacecat' D. (last name withheld) warped in-system only to find himself inside the corona of the system's 'B' star which is abnormally close to the 'A' star. He only survived the experience thanks to quick reflexes, an auto field maintenance unit and the ruggedness of his scorched type-6, now nicknamed the 'Sundiver'. He reprimands the system's previous explorer (name withheld) for NOT issuing such a travel advisory.  
  
# Community Goal: Harma Silver Cartel Appeal  
  
3303-07-27   
  
The Harma Silver Cartel has announced that it intends to bring back a beverage that has been lost for several hundred years: rum.  
  
Reports indicate that the organisation recently discovered a time capsule from the 24th century containing a recipe for the drink, as well as the log of one Captain Smolenski. Although the Cartel is keeping the recipe secret, it has placed an open order for a range of rare alcohols that will be used to create the new beverage.  
  
The Cartel has promised to reward those who deliver the requested commodities to Gabriel Enterprise in the Harma system. The organisation has also promised to bring the drink to the market under the name Harma Silver Sea Rum, assuming the campaign is successful.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released a brief statement:  
  
“We will create the finest rum since the days of piracy on the seas of Earth. After all, a pirate isn’t a pirate without rum!”  
  
But the announcement has antagonised other pirate organisations in the Harma system, many of which have threatened to blockade the Cartel’s base of operations and attack pilots delivering alcohols to Gabriel Enterprise.  
  
To counter this threat, the Harma Silver Cartel has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, and promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Gabriel Enterprise.  
  
The two-pronged initiative begins on 27th of July 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Expanding the Imperial Fleet  
  
3302-04-21   
  
Admiral Denton Patreus has announced plans to expand the Imperial Navy with a new Majestic-Class Interdictor. The formidable vessel will boast a range of imposing weaponry, including an array of modular interceptor guns.  
  
Lieutenant Severin, who is overseeing the ship's construction, issued a statement to the media:  
  
"I know there are some who would question the need for this vessel. To those individuals, I say this: just how safe do you feel? We live in an age in which even Emperors can be murdered. An age in which our enemies' faces are not known to us, and betrayal and deceit are encountered at every turn. The need for a strong, battle-ready navy has never been greater.  
  
"In order to complete production as swiftly as possible, we have placed an open order for supplies, and have authorised the Mundjiga Patrons of Law to reward pilots who deliver materials to our base of operations at Sagan Port. I implore all those who are loyal to the Empire to support this operation.  
  
The campaign begins on the 21st of April 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Refugee Initiative Complete  
  
3304-06-21   
  
Senator Caspian Leopold has announced that his appeal for commodities, in association with Niflhel Corp, has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Biruni Port, and by protecting traders in the Niflhel system.  
  
A spokesperson for Senator Leopold made the following statement:  
  
“Thanks to the work of many brave pilots, we can now begin construction of a rehabilitation centre that will keep innocent families safe from the ravages of war. Senator Leopold hopes that this is just the beginning, and that through further acts of philanthropy he might help spread peace throughout the galaxy.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Biruni Port in the Niflhel system.  
  
# Hudson Praises Merchant Marines  
  
3301-04-25   
  
Shadow President Hudson returned to Mars today, where a throng of eager reporters waited to get the latest scoop on the Shadow President’s campaign to remove President Halsey from office. Instead the Shadow President had some choice words to say about the Merchant Marines and their unsanctioned operations in Empire space.  
  
“I hear there’s been a lot of nasty accusations flying around Congress the last few days. Some have even used words like agent provocateurs, rebels, terrorists. All used to describe the brave men and women fighting to preserve our safety out there in the black.”   
  
“Well, I have another word for you.”   
  
“Heroes.”  
  
“The Empire is ramping up for war, we can all see that. It’s only a matter of time before they set their eyes on Sol. Will we just sit here and watch them come? Is that how the birthplace of civilisation is going to be fall?”  
  
“Obviously I can’t condone Federal forces operating in Imperial space. Certainly Congress didn’t authorise any such action. However, I can’t help but respect those brave fools for what they’re trying to do.”  
  
“Get home safe, Commanders. We’ll be waiting for you when you do.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-08-02   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Initiative Successful  
  
3302-04-21   
  
An Alliance spokesperson has announced that the campaign to establish a new outpost received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. The spokesperson confirmed that significant quantities of robotics, semi conductors and auto fabricators were delivered to Noti Dock, allowing construction of the new station to begin.  
  
Harlyn Tavistok, a member of the Alliance Assembly who has been overseeing the campaign, released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"We are extremely grateful for the public's support, which has been integral to the success of this campaign. Construction of the new outpost is scheduled to begin at once. Soon we will have a valuable new resource in the sector.  
  
But the success of the campaign has been overshadowed by criticism from Imperial and Federal commentators, who questioned the purpose of the new outpost. Some have asked whether the Alliance's avowed intention to 'maintain awareness' is in fact an allusion to monitoring Imperial and Federal activity. Others have speculated that the outpost campaign might be the first phase of an expansion initiative.  
  
Harlyn Tavistok declined to address the rumours.  
  
# Aisling Duval Announces Marriage to Federal Ambassador  
  
3304-06-22   
  
Princess Aisling Duval has made an unexpected announcement regarding her relationship with Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester.   
  
At a press conference in her palace on Emerald, the princess looked radiant as she addressed the media:  
  
“It’s no secret that Jordan and I grew close during his official visit. The time has come to let you know that we are to be husband and wife.”  
  
“I’m aware that some will see this as unorthodox, even controversial, but love knows no borders. It’s our wish that our marriage will build lasting bridges between the Empire and the Federation.”  
  
A statement from Ambassador Rochester appeared in a special edition of The Federal Times:  
  
“Representing the Federation has been my life’s work, but meeting Her Highness – Aisling – made me realise that being by her side means even more. We hope that our betrothal will usher in a new era of cooperation between the two superpowers.”  
  
Among the media reactions was this from entertainment journalist Solomon Helios:  
  
“I’ve been reporting on Princess Duval’s romantic life for a while now, and even I didn’t see this coming. Can Aisling really pull this off? Could a Federation gentleman actually marry into the Imperial family? Will Emperor Lavigny-Duval and President Hudson share a dance at the wedding, or will they step in to prevent this union from taking place? The galaxy might never be the same again!”  
  
As yet there has been no official comment from the Imperial Palace or the White House.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Reorte Liberated by the Alliance  
  
3301-04-26   
  
After 3 weeks of intense activity in the Lave Cluster, the Alliance Elite Diplomatic Corps (AEDC) has managed to return control of Reorte to an Alliance aligned faction.  
  
Earlier this month, a local pirate group had attempted to rename the cluster as the "New Caribbean". While local residents were not in favour of the move, the Alliance military was initially slow to take the pirate threat seriously.   
  
However, undercover agents working on behalf of the AEDC have been working tirelessly with local community groups in order to prepare the ground for a swift battle to retake control of Davies High.  
  
As planned, the conflict ended swiftly and caused little disruption to the daily life of residents. Pilots from the pirate faction fought fiercely to defend their position, but the combined might of Alliance forces proved too strong, and locals woke this morning to find the "Pro-Alliance League" restoring order to their community.   
  
Alliance approval in Reorte now stands at a staggering 93%!  
  
Elsewhere in the cluster, groups loyal to the Alliance of Independent Systems are visibly taking the pirate threat more seriously. In Lave itself, news of their neighbours' long anticipated victory boosted the ruling "Workers of Lave Liberals" by over 20% in a flash opinion poll this morning! The combined influence for Lave's Alliance factions now appears to be over 80%.  
  
The burning question on everyone's lips in the Old Worlds is now:   
  
"When will Leesti return to the fold?"   
  
It is likely that after reclaiming Reorte with minimal fuss, the experienced negotiators of AEDC are planning something similar in the cluster's most important high-tech trading system.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-08-02   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Halley Gateway, Nai No Kami  
  
Merchiston Arsenal, LTT 4497  
  
# Galactic News: Indi Bourbon Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3302-04-21   
  
The United Epsilon Indi Flag has announced that its campaign to decriminalise Indi Bourbon received the full support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots responded to the group's appeal for help, flooding Mansfield Orbiter with illegal rare liquors in protest against the Federal decision to restrict the sale of the popular bourbon.  
  
Yulia 'The Needle' Kuriakova, a spokesperson for the organisation, released a brief statement:  
  
"It is with great pleasure that we announce the reclassification of Indi Bourbon, thanks in no small part to the hundreds of Pilots Federation members who answered our call. Corporations need to learn that they cannot undermine long-held traditions just to line their own corrupt pockets. It is no small irony that those same officials accepted bribes to legitimise Indi Bourbon.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-06-23   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Aegis has confirmed that the Thargoid presence in the core systems has been significantly diminished, due largely to the efforts of the galactic community. Although the Thargoids remain entrenched in the Pleiades, their forces in the core systems have been pushed back to the Bhal system, their initial beachhead.  
  
In related news, Aegis has confirmed that three starports attacked and damaged by Thargoid forces have now been restored to full functionality, following supportive efforts from the galactic community. The pertinent starports are Armstrong Enterprise in the Bhal system, Beaufoy Vision in the Nauni system and Reed's Rest in the Merope system.  
  
In other news, Princess Aisling Duval has announced that she is to wed Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester. Both Princess Duval and Mr Rochester expressed hope that their marriage would strengthen ties between the Empire and the Federation. There has been no official comment from the Imperial Palace or the White House on the engagement.  
  
A homicide attempt by terrorist organisation the League of Reparation has been foiled, and the would-be killers taken into custody. Kay Kilbride of Alliance Interpol confirmed that the captives had been transported to a secure facility for interrogation, with a view to establishing the identity of Nexus – the League’s apparent coordinator.  
  
Meanwhile, renowned billionaire Zachary Rackham, owner of Rackham Capital Investments, has made a sizeable charitable donation to build new shipyards in the Colonia region. Every planetary port in the region, bar Colonia Hub, will soon be able to offer pilots a full range of services.  
  
Aegis has announced plans to build a military installation in the Pleiades. An Aegis spokesperson confirmed that the development was a response to the recent occupation of the Socho system –headquarters of Aegis Core – by a hostile criminal element. Aegis Research has placed an open order for mined resources for use in the construction.  
  
Finally, Senator Caspian Leopold has announced that his appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. The materials will be used to build a rehabilitation centre for those affected by war.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# President Halsey Denounces Patron’s Principles  
  
3301-04-27   
  
This weekend saw the outbreak of a skirmish between Imperial and Federal forces in the small but significant system of Volungu. Reports indicate that the conflict was started by the Patron’s Principles, an Empire-aligned organisation based in the nearby Liaedin region.  
  
For years Liaedin was caught in almost constant civil war as the Faveol and Blossom families fought to gain control of the region. The two sides eventually settled their differences, with the Imperial Faveol family ultimately being given governorship of the system.  
  
Now it looks as if the feud could be starting up again, as the Faveol family-run Patron’s Principles have made the seemingly rash decision to attempt to expand their influence beyond Liaedin’s borders.  
  
President Halsey has denounced the move by Patron’s Principles, calling it ‘a reckless abandonment of years of hard-won peace’. The Federal Navy has launched a small fleet to repel the invasion, and has requested that any Commanders interested in securing Volungu should sign up for active duty aboard Jemison Refinery.  
  
When asked for comment, Chancellor Blaine’s office stated that the Patron’s Principles were acting without the support or knowledge of the Imperial Senate. Imperial sources close to the region noted that members of the East India Company have been dispatched to the area to try to resolve the matter peacefully.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Harma Silver Cartel Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-08-03   
  
A spokesperson for the Harma Silver Cartel has announced that its appeal for rare alcohols has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering rare alcohols and eliminating agitators so traders could reach Gabriel Enterprise safely.  
  
The campaign’s success has already had a positive impact on Harma, as evidenced by the hundreds of pilots celebrating in bars throughout the system.  
  
As the initiative drew to a close, the Cartel released a brief statement:  
  
“To the galaxy’s independent pilots, we say this: the finest rum is waiting for you in Harma.”  
  
Pilots who supported the campaign can now collect their rewards from Gabriel Enterprise in the Harma system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Gilya Signature Weapons Return to Markets  
  
3302-04-22   
  
Gilya Signature Weapons, a rare trade commodity prohibited in a number of jurisdictions, are once again in production at Bell Orbital in the Gilya system. The development is the result of intervention from various commercial interests, priests from Sacra Oculus, and the independent Commanders of the Pilots Federation.  
  
A spokesman for the Gilya Law Party said: "The return of this extremely sought-after commodity has made Gilya an independent and commercially profitable high tech system.  
  
In addition to Gilya Signature Weapons, the system now produces progenitor cells and combat stabilizers, and has two lucrative black markets.  
  
Commander Light Fingers  
  
Sacra Oculus  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-06-24   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Aegis has confirmed that the Thargoid presence in the core systems has been significantly diminished, due largely to the efforts of the galactic community. Although the Thargoids remain entrenched in the Pleiades, their forces in the core systems have been pushed back to the Bhal system, their initial beachhead.  
  
In related news, Aegis has confirmed that three starports attacked and damaged by Thargoid forces have now been restored to full functionality, following supportive efforts from the galactic community. The pertinent starports are Armstrong Enterprise in the Bhal system, Beaufoy Vision in the Nauni system and Reed's Rest in the Merope system.  
  
In other news, Princess Aisling Duval has announced that she is to wed Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester. Both Princess Duval and Mr Rochester expressed hope that their marriage would strengthen ties between the Empire and the Federation. There has been no official comment from the Imperial Palace or the White House on the engagement.  
  
A homicide attempt by terrorist organisation the League of Reparation has been foiled, and the would-be killers taken into custody. Kay Kilbride of Alliance Interpol confirmed that the captives had been transported to a secure facility for interrogation, with a view to establishing the identity of Nexus – the League’s apparent coordinator.  
  
Meanwhile, renowned billionaire Zachary Rackham, owner of Rackham Capital Investments, has made a sizeable charitable donation to build new shipyards in the Colonia region. Every planetary port in the region, bar Colonia Hub, will soon be able to offer pilots a full range of services.  
  
Aegis has announced plans to build a military installation in the Pleiades. An Aegis spokesperson confirmed that the development was a response to the recent occupation of the Socho system –headquarters of Aegis Core – by a hostile criminal element. Aegis Research has placed an open order for mined resources for use in the construction.  
  
Finally, Senator Caspian Leopold has announced that his appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. The materials will be used to build a rehabilitation centre for those affected by war.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Emperor’s Grace Indicted in Attack on Emperor  
  
3301-04-27   
  
Several weeks ago, Imperial Palace security uncovered an attempted plot to poison Emperor Hengist Duval. Princess Lavigny-Duval and Chancellor Blaine both launched their own investigations into the matter.  
  
The Chancellor’s men managed to locate and question the would-be-assassin, but they were unable to extract any useful information.  
  
Fortunately, members of the Imperial Court had more success. They identified several criminal syndicates operating in the areas around Nehet and Mictlan that were rumoured to have ties with a secretive underworld wetwork firm.  
  
After smashing more than a few pirate dens, Imperial investigators learned that funds for the hit had been channelled via Silver Allied Network through Silver Universal Plc to an unknown group in HR 706.  
  
Senator Lavigny’s request to pursue her investigation into HR 706 was originally met with refusal by members of Emperor’s Grace, who even went so far as to lodge an official protest with the Senate. Emperor’s Grace would later find themselves forced to acquiesce under orders issued by Senator Patreus.  
  
Now it looks like Emperor’s Grace had good reason to want the Princess kept out of the system, as late last night, new information came to light which has implicated the leadership of Emperor’s Grace in the attack on the Emperor. Senator Patreus is disavowing any knowledge of the incident, although he has so far refused to allow any members of Emperor’s Grace to be removed from HR 706.  
  
Senator Lavigny will be formally presenting the evidence against Emperor’s Grace to the Senate tomorrow.  
  
# Galactic News: Harma Silver Cartel Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-08-03   
  
A spokesperson for the Harma Silver Cartel has announced that its appeal for rare alcohols has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering rare alcohols and eliminating agitators so traders could reach Gabriel Enterprise safely.  
  
The campaign’s success has already had a positive impact on Harma, as evidenced by the hundreds of pilots celebrating in bars throughout the system.  
  
As the initiative drew to a close, the Cartel released a brief statement:  
  
“To the galaxy’s independent pilots, we say this: the finest rum is waiting for you in Harma.”  
  
Pilots who supported the campaign can now collect their rewards from Gabriel Enterprise in the Harma system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Dr Arcanonn Comments on Palin's Retirement  
  
3302-04-22   
  
Dr Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has expressed solidarity with Professor Ishmael Palin, following the latter's decision to retire from the Palin Institute and pursue personal research into the Unknown Artefacts and meta-alloys.  
  
"It is unfortunate that the professor has been forced to make this decision, but given the existence of the 'dark forces' to which he refers, I support him wholeheartedly.  
  
"I have long been concerned that there are people out there with greater knowledge of the UAs and meta-alloys, and with darker intentions. The secretive convoys, Palin's abduction, the unexplained increases in the black market value of UAs, the purchase of hundreds of thousands of tonnes of meta-alloys at Obsidian Orbital, and the death threats I received – all are troubling.  
  
"We mourn the fact that scientists feel the need to retreat to continue their work, but I look forward to visiting the professor on Maia A 3 a.  
  
Command Lord Zoltan  
  
# Galaxy Reacts to Federal-Imperial Betrothal  
  
3304-06-27   
  
There has been a range of reactions to news that Princess Aisling Duval and Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester are to be married.  
  
A congratulatory message was sent from the Imperial Palace, but there has been no personal comment from Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval. News agencies on Capitol have reported rumours that the proposed marriage was not discussed with the Imperial family, and that the Emperor did not consent to the Princess’s engagement.  
  
Senator Zemina Torval offered a more definite statement of disapproval:  
  
“This is an attention-seeking move from the princess, and a dangerous one. It is beyond her remit to impact Imperial policy in this manner. Allowing her to harbour romantic fantasies is one thing, but the Empire cannot countenance such a reckless political manoeuvre.”  
  
Senator Caspian Leopold, who until recently was rumoured to be courting Aisling Duval, was more supportive:  
  
“I can assure you that many senators, patrons and citizens are delighted by the news. I’ve been privileged to witness Princess Aisling in Ambassador Rochester’s company, and they make a charming and affectionate couple. I wish them both all the happiness in the galaxy.”  
  
There was no response from President Zachary Hudson, suggesting that the engagement was as unexpected to the Federation as to the Empire. But a statement was made by Congressman Isolde Rochester, the mother of Jordan Rochester:  
  
“I support my son’s relationship with Her Imperial Highness, and I consider this a positive step for all parties. The potential benefits of stronger ties between the Empire and the Federation are incalculable, particularly in the areas of trade and defence. Many of us in Congress hope that this happy event spearheads a new era of cooperation.”  
  
Reactions from independent systems have ranged from joy to outrage. The only official response from the Alliance came from a spokesperson for the office of Prime Minister Edmund Mahon, who said:  
  
“The Alliance offers cordial congratulations to the couple, although it remains to be seen if their intentions become a reality.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Arissa Prepares to Present Evidence to Imperial Senate  
  
3301-04-28   
  
At a conference held ahead of today’s closed meeting of the Senate, Senator Arissa Lavigny addressed her supporters in a speech streamed live from the Lavigny family home on Topaz.  
  
“The last few weeks have been difficult for us all, but I am pleased to announce that our trials are almost over.”  
  
“Evidence collected by members of the court, which includes members of Emperor’s Grace loyal to the house of Duval, has provided my investigators with irrefutable proof that the leadership of the HR 706 Chapter of Emperor’s Grace did, with malicious aforethought and intent, act to commit treason most foul against our beloved father.”  
  
“Today I will prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that the HR 706 Chapter of Emperor’s Grace has allowed itself to become intimately entangled with a villainous network of psychopaths, sociopaths and other assorted scum. Among them, the organisation which provided the would-be-killer for use in this foul conspiracy.”  
  
“This stain against our Empire’s honour will not be allowed to stand. Justice will be done this day.”  
  
“Hail to the Emperor, bask in his glory.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Conflict in Hehe  
  
3303-08-03   
  
Authorities in the Hehe system have reported that conflict has erupted between Hehe Federal Interstellar and Hehe Camorra. System security forces have confirmed that the fighting began several hours ago and has escalated rapidly since then.  
  
The conflict is understood to be territorial in nature, with both factions eager to take control of Hehe. Both sides have issued calls for support, and have pledged to reward combat pilots who rally to their respective causes.  
  
A representative of system security forces commented on the development:  
  
“Inter-faction conflict of this sort tends to be quite focused, and we believe that the probability of civilian casualties is low. Nevertheless, we’re advising anyone living or travelling in the system to exercise caution.”  
  
The two factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 3rd of August 3303.  
  
# Freelance Report: Bond Hub Out of the Woods  
  
3302-04-22   
  
Following weeks of tireless meta-alloy harvesting, a team working under the direction of Professor D Luffy at Bond Hub in the Varati system has finally been able to match the success achieved by the teams at Obsidian Orbital.  
  
In a brief interview, Professor Luffy said:  
  
"We knew it was only a matter of time before we managed to get Bond Hub fully operational again, but it took many Commanders to get us there. We can't thank everyone enough for the hours they've spent transporting meta-alloys between the Pleiades and Varati – a journey that's by no means easy!  
  
Other affected stations have renewed their appeals for meta-alloys, no doubt hoping that this nuisance will soon be eradicated from our lives.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Alliance Inspector Killed by the League of Reparation  
  
3304-06-27   
  
Chief Inspector Kay Kilbride has been murdered by terrorist organisation the League of Reparation, along with four other agents of Alliance Interpol.  
  
The incident took place in the city of New Rossyth on Turner’s World. A spokesperson for Interpol released a brief report:  
  
“Chief Inspector Kilbride was acting on information that a League cell was operating from an abandoned foundry complex in New Rossyth. She led an assault team with the intention of capturing the terrorists. Preliminary forensics suggest that the entire complex was rigged with concealed explosives. Kilbride and four of her colleagues were killed instantly, with seven others injured.”  
  
Kilbride was one of three founding members of the tri-superpower taskforce investigating the League of Reparation. The other two, Captain Niamh Seutonia and Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez, made a rare joint statement on behalf of the Imperial Internal Security Service and the Federal Intelligence Agency:  
  
“This is a sad day. We have lost one of our greatest champions in the fight against terrorism. It’s clear that the Chief Inspector was personally targeted with misinformation designed to lure her into a trap – an act of retaliation for her recent successes against the League.”  
  
“Although we mourn the loss of Inspector Kilbride, our work continues. Alliance Interpol has assigned Deputy Inspector Mara Klatt to assume the role of taskforce liaison. We look forward to working with her to eliminate this fanatical organisation.”  
  
Deputy Inspector Klatt was unavailable for comment.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# President Halsey Announces Tour of Frontier Systems  
  
3301-04-28   
  
The President’s office has today announced that President Halsey will soon be setting off on a tour of the Federal frontier systems.  
  
The purported aim of the trip is to build stronger links between Sol and its many offspring. For years, Federal frontier systems have complained that the Mars Congress has consistently failed to provide adequate support for fledgling Federal colonies.   
  
During the tour, local leaders will be given a chance to meet with President Halsey to discuss what Sol can do to better support local governments, frontier enterprises and Federal residents.  
  
Some of the destinations announced include Hip 53688, Tinia, 78 Ursae Majoris, Su and Furuhjlem I-645. Other destinations are expected to be added at a later date.  
  
# Community Goal: Conflict in Hehe  
  
3303-08-03   
  
Authorities in the Hehe system have reported that conflict has erupted between Hehe Federal Interstellar and Hehe Camorra. System security forces have confirmed that the fighting began several hours ago and has escalated rapidly since then.  
  
The conflict is understood to be territorial in nature, with both factions eager to take control of Hehe. Both sides have issued calls for support, and have pledged to reward combat pilots who rally to their respective causes.  
  
A representative of system security forces commented on the development:  
  
“Inter-faction conflict of this sort tends to be quite focused, and we believe that the probability of civilian casualties is low. Nevertheless, we’re advising anyone living or travelling in the system to exercise caution.”  
  
The two factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 3rd of August 3303.  
  
# Freelance Report: Following the Breadcrumbs  
  
3302-04-23   
  
Imperial investigator Cornelius Gendymion has released a statement to the Prism Herald addressing accusations that Imperial agents were responsible for the destruction of Starship One.  
  
"It seems Federal Times reporter Elaine Boyd's investigations are being ignored by her countrymen. You may recall that she highlighted the suspicious deaths of key individuals involved in both the Antares and Starship One investigations before her alleged suicide. Her data detailed an off-the-books investigation into the Antares by Vice-President Nigel Smeaton, and also alleged that he was murdered.  
  
"Congressman George Fallside's apparent foreknowledge of Smeaton's death was waved away, but I suspect Jacob Harris might have better luck finding Starship One's saboteurs if he searched within the Federation – perhaps starting with folks who have ties to Core Dynamics.  
  
Commander Corrigendum | Loren's Legion  
  
## Federation  
  
# Aegis Reduces Tech-Broker Requirements  
  
3304-06-28   
  
Aegis has announced that it will allow technology brokers to reduce their requirements for producing items, in order to increase overall combat effectiveness against the Thargoids.  
  
Henrik de Lacerda, a senior engineer at Aegis Research, clarified this development:  
  
“Aegis is aware that the galactic community has worked incredibly hard to oppose the Thargoids in the core systems. To show our appreciation, we are making it easier for independent pilots to obtain advanced weaponry and hardware.”  
  
“We have contacted all registered technology brokers and supplied them with additional funding, resources and manufacturing equipment. As a result, they now need fewer commodities and materials from those purchasing their designs.”  
  
“Our hope is that by helping pilots to upgrade their ships, we can enhance their survivability and encourage more Commanders to join the fight against the Thargoids.”  
  
# Galactic News: Joint Superpower Initiative Announced  
  
3303-08-04   
  
In recent weeks, a number of programmes have been launched to gather further information about the Thargoids. While the Federation has established an outpost in HIP 17692 to monitor Thargoid activity, independent organisation Abroin Universal PLC recently completed a campaign to amass material for a research centre in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
But not everyone believes such initiatives represent the best way to proceed, with a growing number of voices calling for an inter-superpower initiative that consolidates existing knowledge and resources.  
  
Now these individuals are about to have their wishes granted. At a hastily convened press conference in the Sorbago system, Professor Alba Tesreau of the Achenar Research Council announced that a confederacy of scientists from the Empire, Federation and Alliance has united to establish a new organisation: Aegis. The organisation’s remit will be to gather further intelligence on the Thargoids and coordinate all future research.  
  
Professor Tesreau said:  
  
“While I applaud recent efforts to learn more about the Thargoids, we can achieve far more by working together. It is imperative that we coordinate our efforts, and share our knowledge and expertise. That is what Aegis has been created to achieve.”  
  
“Naturally, the cold war between the Federation and the Empire has complicated efforts to make this initiative a reality. Fortunately, while there may be antagonism between our governments, there is a strong desire for collaboration and cooperation within the scientific community.”  
  
Having received substantial funding from all three superpowers, Aegis will soon establish its first research outpost in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Victory in Volungu for Federal Forces  
  
3301-04-30   
  
The war-torn region of Volungu has been under intense scrutiny over the last few days, as a centuries-old feud between the Faveols and the Blossoms threatened to reignite and engulf the region in a wave of bloodshed.  
  
According to sources in the Patron’s Principles’ home system Liaedin, the attack on Volungu was carried out by a group of younger family members. Having never experienced war themselves, and inspired by the recent influx of Imperial combat veterans to the region, the young Faveols foolishly chose to attack their neighbours in a misguided quest for glory.  
  
Federal pilots, eager to maintain the peace, flocked to Volungu in their thousands. Now, just a few days later, the threat from the Patron’s Principles has been neutralised. Their leadership has apologised and an uneasy peace has settled on the system once more.  
  
# Freelance Report: Loyal Imperials Support Starship Construction  
  
3302-04-23   
  
The construction of a Majestic-class Interdictor in the Mundjiga system requires generous quantities of tantalum, gallium and indium. Threats of piracy and violent protest have already reached the system.  
  
To counter these threats, a collective of former security contractors known as the Praetorians have committed their forces to defending Mundjiga and the traders operating there. Loren's Legion, an extension of the Prism defence force, will operate jointly with the Praetorians, protecting traders sourcing tantalum from Prism.  
  
Duke Alden Rowe, leader of the Praetorians, gave the following statement to the press:  
  
"Loyal members of the Imperial Navy Auxiliary, we cannot permit interference with the construction of this critical asset. We must enforce Imperial law and the will of Admiral Patreus by protecting vessels delivering cargo to Sagan Port. We will be a shield for this new Interdictor until it is ready to be a shield for the Empire.  
  
Commander Corrigendum, Loren's Legion  
  
## Empire  
  
# Thargoid Assault on the Deciat System  
  
3304-06-28   
  
An emergency report from Aegis confirms that the Thargoids have returned to the core systems with an incursion into the Deciat system.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, delivered this statement:  
  
“Following the Thargoids’ retreat, all evidence suggested that their surface sites had become dormant. But new data from our Eagle Eye network shows that they have surged back to life, and that the star maps inside these structures are now pinpointing the Deciat system. It seems this was only a brief respite while they summoned reinforcements from the Pleiades.”  
  
“Latest intelligence indicates that Thargoid vessels are now congregating in large numbers in Deciat space. This is an alarming development for the Garay Terminal starport, which is on high alert. There are also several megaships active in the region, which are potential targets for the Thargoids.”  
  
“On behalf of Aegis, I am calling on all members of the galactic community for assistance in defending Deciat. Without the aid of independent pilots, all assets in the system could be overwhelmed, with the loss of thousands of lives.”  
  
Appended to the Aegis report was the following transmission from an unnamed Commander operating in the Deciat system:  
  
“I’ve just been attacked by…something! Thargoid for sure, but my computer couldn’t identify it. Some new kind of scout, maybe?”  
  
The remainder of the transmission was unavailable.  
  
# Quivira Feels the Wrath of Patreus  
  
3301-05-01   
  
Deep in the heart of the Empire, a handful of nations stand defiantly independent from their neighbours.  
  
One such nation is Quivira. Home to 37.5 million residents, Quivira has managed to maintain its independence by acting as a major supplier of industrial goods to its neighbours.   
  
Early last year Quivira suffered from a period of deep recession, during which time it took out a series of bridge loans with Silver Universal Plc . A recent increase in rates left the People’s Quivira for Equality Party unable to pay off their debts, a fact which has caused the system to become the victim of legal action carried out on behalf of Senator Patreus.  
  
Quivira Electronics Plc, an Imperial corporation, has now been authorised to actively reclaim the debt owed to Senator Patreus by the system’s current leadership. As a first step towards that goal, Quivira Electronics Plc has taken ownership of Stepledon Dock. With the Senator’s blessing, Quivira Electronics is now hiring freelance reclamation agents to help extract the remaining debt.  
  
In response, the People’s Quivira for Equality Party have set up a defence fund with the Bank of Zaonce, the contents of which will be paid out to any independent pilots who come to Quivira’s aid in its time of need. The defence of Quivira is being organised aboard Godel Dock.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Joint Superpower Initiative Announced  
  
3303-08-04   
  
In recent weeks, a number of programmes have been launched to gather further information about the Thargoids. While the Federation has established an outpost in HIP 17692 to monitor Thargoid activity, independent organisation Abroin Universal PLC recently completed a campaign to amass material for a research centre in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
But not everyone believes such initiatives represent the best way to proceed, with a growing number of voices calling for an inter-superpower initiative that consolidates existing knowledge and resources.  
  
Now these individuals are about to have their wishes granted. At a hastily convened press conference in the Sorbago system, Professor Alba Tesreau of the Achenar Research Council announced that a confederacy of scientists from the Empire, Federation and Alliance has united to establish a new organisation: Aegis. The organisation’s remit will be to gather further intelligence on the Thargoids and coordinate all future research.  
  
Professor Tesreau said:  
  
“While I applaud recent efforts to learn more about the Thargoids, we can achieve far more by working together. It is imperative that we coordinate our efforts, and share our knowledge and expertise. That is what Aegis has been created to achieve.”  
  
“Naturally, the cold war between the Federation and the Empire has complicated efforts to make this initiative a reality. Fortunately, while there may be antagonism between our governments, there is a strong desire for collaboration and cooperation within the scientific community.”  
  
Having received substantial funding from all three superpowers, Aegis will soon establish its first research outpost in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Explorers Contribute to Mapping Project  
  
3302-04-24   
  
For several weeks, explorers have been gathering at the Institute of Galactic Exploration and Research at Kippax Ring in the HIP 72043 system. The system has become a hub for explorers contributing to the Sagittarius-Carina Mission, a project to chart the Sagittarius-Carina arm from its root at the galactic core to its tip at the galactic rim.  
  
Organised by the First Great Expedition, the mission is open to all pilots - the only requirement being that they own a ship and can dream to dare.  
  
"We have a strong support network, an amazing list of places to visit, and vast regions of uncharted territory to explore. What we don´t have is a schedule. Anyone can jump in any time, at any stage of the journey," said one member of the FGE.  
  
Commander Corbin Moran  
  
# Restoring Order in Fousang  
  
3304-06-28   
  
Security forces in the Fousang system are reporting that criminal organisations in the area are executing more frequent and audacious raids on civilian traffic.   
  
Wing Commander Horatio Montange of Fousang security had this to say:  
  
“Our resources are stretched with the Thargoid threat, and a certain criminal element has taken advantage, increasing their presence in the system and attacking trade convoys. While our forces are continuing to maintain order, the need to defend the system from external threats has had an impact on our overall effectiveness. With the help of Blue Creative Company we hope to curb this sudden increase in crime, and continue to concentrate our resources on combating the alien insurrection.”  
  
To counter this threat, the Blue Creative Company has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Akers Orbital.  
  
The campaign begins on the 28th of June 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Patreus Responds to ‘Unfounded’ Accusations  
  
3301-05-01   
  
After a heated meeting of the Senate held earlier today, Senator Patreus made a rare appearance on ‘Question Everything’ to address the accusations levelled against Emperor’s Grace by Senator Lavigny.  
  
“This is outrageous,” the Senator began.  
  
“Emperor’s Grace has served as the loyal stewards of HR 706 for decades. A fact Senator Lavigny is well aware of.”  
  
“The very idea that one of my own would dare instigate such an attack without my knowledge is preposterous. It would never happen.”  
  
“It’s clear what this is actually all about.”  
  
“If Senator Lavigny wishes to accuse me of something, she had better come up with more evidence than that weak pile of fabricated drek she calls proof.”  
  
“If the Senator has anything of substance to share, I suggest she present it. I will not allow my men to be martyred for the sake of the Senator’s lust for the throne.”   
  
“Emperor’s Grace has my full support. They will continue to govern HR 706 in my stead and their leaders will be released from their false imprisonment immediately. These trumped-up charges will not stand.”  
  
According to security personnel on Achenar, the leadership of Emperor’s Grace has been released into Senator Patreus’s custody, and are currently serving under house arrest in HR 706.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-08-09   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Aegis Installation Operation Complete  
  
3304-06-28   
  
The operation to support construction of an Aegis military facility in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering mined resources to The Oracle, and by protecting traders in the system.  
  
An Aegis spokesperson made the following statement:  
  
“Every pilot who contributed to this operation should feel a great deal of pride in what they’ve achieved. The construction of this military installation will allow us to more effectively resist external aggression.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55.  
  
# Freelance Report: Kessel Run Episode II  
  
3302-04-25   
  
The Buckyball Racing Club has organised a second 'Kessel Run' race in celebration of the antique film series 'Star Wars'. Although the interstellar travel depicted in the films is now an everyday fact of life, they still fascinate a large proportion of the galactic community.  
  
Participants will depart from George Lucas in Leesti on the 30th of April and visit every station bearing the name 'Kessel' before reaching Solo Orbiter in Altair. The competition will run until the 15th of May.  
  
A special event will be held on May the 4th. The Buckyball Racing Club will release details nearer the time.  
  
Commander Stern Winter, Buckyball Racing Club  
  
# Securing the Old Worlds  
  
3301-05-02   
  
For months now, the Old Worlds have been terrorised by roaming gangs of psychopaths and thieves. Residents’ pleas for help have been rejected by the Council of Admirals, who maintain that matters of internal security are the sole responsibility of member states. Many see this rise of lawlessness as an opportunity. Pilots on both sides of the law are now flocking to the sector in the hope of making their fame and fortune.  
  
Inspired by the recent changes brought about by independent members of the Pilots Federation, a network of local business leaders have banded together to improve conditions in the Old Worlds. They are sponsoring the formation of a new coalition, and though they have yet to officially announce the group’s manifesto, support for the movement is already spreading.  
  
One member of the new coalition, Silver United Solutions, has announced that they are currently in the process of recruiting experienced security professionals to help protect the residents of Zaonce from the various gangs operating in the sector. Potential recruits are asked to report to Ridley Scott in Zaonce for assessment.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-08-09   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Merchiston Arsenal, LTT 4497  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Halley Gateway, Nai No Kami  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Maupertuis Dock, Zhao  
  
Gehry Gateway, Checha  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-04-27   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Colonia Scientific Installation Project  
  
3304-06-28   
  
Scientists in Colonia have announced plans to build a scientific outpost in the system to monitor the region’s population and resources.  
  
Professor Alexei de la Vega, who is heading the project, published this statement:  
  
“Our recent study into the region’s population increase has revealed alarming statistics. If Colonia’s population continues to increase at the current rate it could lead to a serious depletion of resources at some point in the future.”  
  
“Monitoring infrastructure, terraforming, logistics and other issues will require the construction of a dedicated centre for resource management. This will allow us to study the aggregated data and formulate a structured solution to avoid potential problems.”  
  
The campaign is being run by Tir Technology Services, one of Colonia’s partner organisations, which has asked pilots to deliver commodities to Bolden’s Enterprise in the Tir system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 28th of June 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Prism Senator Planning New Voyage?  
  
3301-05-02   
  
Leaked images from the Avalon shipyards appear to indicate that Senator Kahina Tijani Loren’s Imperial Courier, the ‘Seven Veils’, is undergoing a significant refit just weeks after her recent visit to the Sol system.  
  
Security at the Avalon shipyards, which are owned and managed by Persephone station, is extremely tight. The images themselves are grainy and ill-defined, but seem to show that the drives, shields and possibly the frame-shift drive components have been significantly upgraded.  
  
Sources within the Empire note that Senator Loren has been seen at several significant social events within Imperial space recently. Despite this, she has refrained from speaking to any member of the press since returning from Sol.   
  
Speculation is rife as to her involvement with the ongoing struggle for power within the Senate. Loren has yet to declare her support for any of the leading contenders, a fact which some political pundits believe is a strong indication that she may be considering her own play for power.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Alliance Research Initiative  
  
3303-08-10   
  
The Alliance has launched a new research initiative designed to enhance human understanding of the Thargoids. The primary aim of the initiative is to build a range of state-of-the-art instruments expressly designed to analyse Thargoid material.  
  
To this end, the Alliance has placed an open order for unknown ship signatures, unknown organic circuitry and unknown technology components. The Kaushpoos Pro-Alliance Union has been authorised to oversee the campaign, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver the requested resources to Neville Horizons in the Kaushpoos system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering resources to Neville Horizons can do so safely.  
  
In a statement, an Alliance spokesperson said:  
  
“Although humanity has had prior contact with the Thargoids, our knowledge remains limited. It is essential that we expand our understanding. We therefore intend to build a range of specialised tools and analytic instruments with which to study Thargoid material.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 10th of August 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Freelance Report: Happy Canonn Day!  
  
3302-04-27   
  
Dr Arcanonn, head of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, has been released a statement to the media:  
  
"A year ago today, I inadvertently started what is now known as a paragon of independent science: the Canonn Interstellar Research Group.  
  
"Since then, my colleagues and our associates have led the way in Unknown Artefact research: discovering and decoding the Artefacts' Morse code signal, identifying the UA 'shell' around the Merope system in the Pleiades, and, more recently, researching the barnacles discovered on five planets in the Pleiades – work that still continues, with new barnacles being found every week.  
  
"I think the next year will see us answer some of the outstanding questions, but also uncover more mysteries. If so, you can be certain we will be there, working from our lab in Col 285 Sector IX-T d3-43, and lifting the veil for the rest of humanity.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-06-28   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Charlois Enterprise, T'ien  
  
Guth Dock, Azrael  
  
Hansen Platform, Jimavi  
  
Kennan Vision, NLTT 14879  
  
Kube-McDowell Enterprise, Kakas  
  
Rennie Hub, Yorua  
  
Singer Orbital, Matsya  
  
Stabenow Survey, Cerno  
  
Thomas' Claim, Telin  
  
Vaucouleurs Vision, Veroklist  
  
Walker Port, HIP 14886  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Sturckow Port, SPOCS 253  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Arend Dock, HIP 17838  
  
Gehry Gateway, Checha  
  
Gentle Survey, Jolagro  
  
Gordon City, Anagori  
  
Morgan Port, Kuan Yin  
  
Morten's Paradise, Desy  
  
# Hostage Crisis in Eotienses Turns Bloody  
  
3301-05-03   
  
A tense hostage situation in Eotienses on Tuesday morning turned bloody as East India Company members failed to negotiate the liberation of an Imperial trader from the Code, a well-known pirate group. The Imperial trader, unaffiliated with either group, was destroyed after an attempted escape, resulting in tens of millions of credits in property loss as well as small-scale skirmishes between the two organizations throughout the night. EIC members later went on to admit that poor communication and victim anxiety led to this tragic outcome.  
  
Though it is unclear exactly what the hostage believed, Commander Trillen is quoted as saying: “The members of Code appeared to be getting a little jumpy and I started to worry that things were not going to end well. I contacted Commander Egg90 asking if he was ready to run if $@%# hit the fan, but I think he misinterpreted that because at that very second he boosted and was destroyed by the members of Code.”  
  
After the destruction of the trader, chaos broke out as both sides opened fire on one another. The fighting was reported to have lasted for several hours with both sides suffering major losses, and damages are currently estimated in the hundreds of millions of credits.  
  
Galnet News reached out to The Code, who had this to say: “The approximate ship destruction estimate is currently sitting at 3 EIC deaths for every 1 Code death. The Code apologizes for the destruction of all these EIC vessels, but we will destroy anyone who gets in our path of riches and plunder.”  
  
Dick McKinley - Galnet News  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored in Hehe  
  
3303-08-10   
  
Authorities in the Hehe system have reported that the conflict between Hehe Federal Interstellar and Hehe Camorra has ended in a victory for Hehe Federal Interstellar .  
  
Both factions issued calls for support, promising generous rewards to pilots who lent their aid, but ultimately it was Hehe Federal Interstellar that emerged victorious. Hehe Camorra has now withdrawn its forces from the system.  
  
As the last Hehe Camorra ships left the field of battle, a representative of Hehe Federal Interstellar released a statement:  
  
“The brave pilots who rallied to our cause have our everlasting gratitude. And to the people of Hehe, I say this: we’re going to do everything in our power to ensure a peaceful and prosperous future for our system.”  
  
# Thargoid-Worshipping Cult Garners Hostility  
  
3304-06-29   
  
Public reaction to a fringe religion that worships the Thargoids is one of mistrust and hostility, according to security reports.  
  
The nameless cult believes in the coming of the so-called Far God and the subsequent extinction of all humanity bar themselves. Their hive-chapels, inspired by Thargoid design, have sprung up on several independent worlds and in a few Federation and Alliance systems.  
  
Security forces in these locations have made numerous arrests for misdemeanours directed at the sect. These include graffiti, property damage, verbal abuse and physical assault. There are no recorded cases of worshippers retaliating, defending themselves or seeking assistance.  
  
Juanita Bishop, who runs a vocal citizen-protection campaign, claims she is warning the public about a genuine danger:  
  
“If these Thargoid lovers don’t want to be human anymore, they shouldn’t be allowed to live among other humans! Our governments should pack these foul-smelling freaks into ships and send them off to join the aliens they love so much. And if they don’t, it’s up to us to stop them. Do you really want these degenerates to creep into your home at night and do obscene alien things to your family?”  
  
Many authorities have responded along the same lines as Councillor Quinn Damico of the Aranbarahun system:  
  
“I would like to assure citizens that the Far God worshippers, while strange, are essentially harmless. Furthermore, criminal acts against them, including incitement to violence, may result in prosecution. The right to freedom of religion is protected by law in all systems where the sect has a presence.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Morrina in Need  
  
3302-04-28   
  
The people of the Morrina system have endured considerable hardship recently, first at the hand of criminal gangs and then as a result of widespread civil unrest. Although a recent military operation succeeded in eliminating the agitators operating in the system, much of Morrina has been badly affected by the conflict, and many citizens are suffering from a lack of water and power.  
  
In response to this, the Spinward Marches Alliance Concern has launched an appeal for essential supplies in order to undo the damage caused by the extended conflict. The organisation has placed an open order for basic medicines, water purifiers and power generators, and has promised to generously reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Beaumont Dock.  
  
Organisation spokespersons Commander Saool and Commander Dennehy released the following statement:  
  
"For the past month, the Morrina system has been embroiled in conflict. The galactic community stepped up to help cull the criminal elements ravaging the system, and the Spinward Marches Alliance Concern has started to repair planetary infrastructure and restore power to the night side of tidally locked Morrina 3. But we need more supplies to get the system back on its feet.  
  
The campaign begins on the 28th of April 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Scientists Baffled by Mysterious Artefacts  
  
3301-05-04   
  
Thanks to the efforts of dozens of Commanders taking part in a hunt across hundreds of systems, Dr. Arcannon and his team are delighted to announce that they have finally managed to retrieve an Unknown Artefact.  
  
The artefact was recovered from a Federal Navy Convoy, following a broadcast from the group that their ships’ systems were failing. CMDR Red Wizzard is said to have demonstrated outstanding initiative, bravery and skill in recovering the artefact. Sadly, none of the convoy survived to accompany Commander Wizzard back to civilisation.  
  
A team of scientists are currently analysing the mysterious object in an undisclosed laboratory somewhere near Timocani. It is hoped that the artefact will provide a clue as to how to cure the people of He Bo.   
  
Scientists working on the mysterious item have yet to ascertain the origins of the artefact. Early reports indicate that all attempts to take samples from the object have met with failure.   
  
CMDR Arcanonn wishes to extend a warning to all Commanders. The artefacts emit a strange form of radiation that will severely damage the systems of any ship carrying the object. As such, all potential artefact hunters are advised to travel as part of a wing in case of module failure.  
  
# Galactic News: Sirius Corporation Enters Merope  
  
3303-08-11   
  
A number of media outlets have reported that the Sirius Corporation has entered the Merope system, establishing two new outposts.  
  
Although the mega-corporation has asserted that the outposts will support mining operations in the region, commentators have speculated that Sirius is positioning itself to take control of the system’s barnacles.  
  
Daxton Sung of the Imperial Herald commented:  
  
“Right now, the Federation controls Merope. But Sirius is playing the long game. They’ve positioned themselves close to the barnacles so that if the Federation pulls out of the system, they can swoop in and start hoovering up meta-alloys.”  
  
The new outposts will no doubt be a boon to independent pilots in Merope, giving them access to a wide range of services.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Jasmina Halsey Appeals for Exploration Data  
  
3302-04-28   
  
Since being discharged from the medical centre at Leoniceno Orbital, former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has repeatedly spoken about the allegedly transcendent experiences she had while drifting through space.   
  
The former leader purports to have seen "the true architects of creation" and to have been shown what she describes as "the infinities of the cosmos" – assertions that, along with her slowed speech, have seen her condemned as mentally unstable by some commentators.  
  
Now the former president has launched an appeal for exploration data that she hopes will validate her claims. According to a member of her personal staff, the former leader believes the data will prove there are super-intelligent beings living in the depths of space.  
  
The former Federal president released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"They are out there. I have seen them. We must put aside our petty differences and work together to establish contact. There is so much we could learn from them.  
  
The Azaleach Partnership has agreed to coordinate the campaign on Halsey's behalf, and to reward pilots who deliver exploration data to Leoniceno Orbital. The appeal begins on the 28th of April 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-06-30   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Chief Inspector Kay Kilbride has been murdered by terrorist organisation the League of Reparation. The incident took place in the city of New Rossyth on Turner’s World. In the wake of Inspector Kilbride’s death, Alliance Interpol has assigned Deputy Inspector Mara Klatt to assume the role of taskforce liaison.  
  
There has been a range of reactions to news that Princess Aisling Duval and Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester are to marry. A congratulatory message was sent from the Imperial Palace, but there was no comment from Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval. Senator Zemina Torval was frank in her disapproval, while Senator Caspian Leopold, who was rumoured to be courting Aisling Duval, was more supportive.  
  
Aegis has announced that it will allow technology brokers to reduce their requirements for items, in order to increase overall combat effectiveness against the Thargoids. A spokesperson for Aegis said the galactic community had worked hard to oppose the Thargoids, and that Aegis would therefore make it easier for independent pilots to obtain advanced weaponry and hardware.  
  
Meanwhile, an emergency report from Aegis has confirmed that the Thargoids have launched a large-scale assault on the Deciat system. The organisation has called on all members of the galactic community for assistance in defending the system, which is home to the Garay Terminal starport.  
  
A fringe religion that worships the Thargoids has become the target of hostility, with large numbers of civilian protestors reacting angrily to the sect’s openly pro-Thargoid stance. Authorities have responded with assurances that the sect’s members are harmless, and that criminal acts against them may result in prosecution.  
  
In other news, scientists in Colonia have announced plans to build an outpost to monitor the region’s population and resources. Professor Alexei de la Vega, who is heading the project, said the proposed outpost would focus on ensuring that the ever-expanding region would have sufficient resources in the long term.  
  
Finally, an operation to support construction of an Aegis military facility in the Pleiades Nebula has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering mined resources to The Oracle, and by protecting traders in the system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Eyes on Quivira  
  
3301-05-05   
  
Turmoil hit the small system of Quivira late last week, as thousands of Imperial pilots descended to deliver the wrath of Senator Denton Patreus on his debtors. In the first two days of the war, tens of thousands of Independent pilots lost their lives while bravely attempting to hold off Imperial forces from taking Godel Dock.  
  
Despite the defenders’ best efforts, Imperial ground troops were able to storm the station, seizing control of Quivira’s defence systems and effectively bringing an end to the conflict during the early hours of Sunday morning.  
  
In the face of overwhelming loss, the People’s Quivira for Equality Party were forced to retreat to Brendan Gateway to lick their wounds. Once the people’s party leadership had successfully regrouped, they launched a counterattack in an attempt to retake Godel Dock. With the help of hundreds of Independent and Federal pilots, the People’s Quivira for Equality Party and the Nationalists of Quivira were successful in forcing Quivira Electronics Plc to retreat back to Stapledon Dock.  
  
War has once again engulfed Quivira. No quarter is being offered, and none is expected. For troops on the ground, the only acceptable outcome is overwhelming victory or a quick and painless death.  
  
Commanders willing to fight to defend Quivira from the Imperial invasion should sign up for active duty aboard Godel Dock.  
  
Commanders wishing to profit from the subjugation of Quivira by Imperial forces should sign up for active duty aboard Stapledon Dock.  
  
# Galactic News: Sirius Corporation Enters Merope  
  
3303-08-12   
  
A number of media outlets have reported that the Sirius Corporation has entered the Merope system, establishing two new outposts.  
  
Although the mega-corporation has asserted that the outposts will support mining operations in the region, commentators have speculated that Sirius is positioning itself to take control of the system’s barnacles.  
  
Daxton Sung of the Imperial Herald commented:  
  
“Right now, the Federation controls Merope. But Sirius is playing the long game. They’ve positioned themselves close to the barnacles so that if the Federation pulls out of the system, they can swoop in and start hoovering up meta-alloys.”  
  
The new outposts will no doubt be a boon to independent pilots in Merope, giving them access to a wide range of services.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Greeboski's Outpost Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-04-28   
  
The Sovereign Justice Collective has released a jubilant statement, confirming that it has received sufficient quantities of titanium to carry out its upgrade programme at Greeboski's Outpost. Hundreds of independent pilots responded to the appeal by delivering the much-needed material to the Phiagre system starport.  
  
Chancellor Zahra Arias, spokesperson for the Sovereign Justice Collective, released a brief statement:  
  
"We are immeasurably grateful for the support of the galactic community. The success of this campaign means a brighter future for the people of Phiagre, and an outpost with state-of-the-art services and facilities. Now if you'll excuse me, there's work to be done!  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-07-01   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Chief Inspector Kay Kilbride has been murdered by terrorist organisation the League of Reparation. The incident took place in the city of New Rossyth on Turner’s World. In the wake of Inspector Kilbride’s death, Alliance Interpol has assigned Deputy Inspector Mara Klatt to assume the role of taskforce liaison.  
  
There has been a range of reactions to news that Princess Aisling Duval and Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester are to marry. A congratulatory message was sent from the Imperial Palace, but there was no comment from Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval. Senator Zemina Torval was frank in her disapproval, while Senator Caspian Leopold, who was rumoured to be courting Aisling Duval, was more supportive.  
  
Aegis has announced that it will allow technology brokers to reduce their requirements for items, in order to increase overall combat effectiveness against the Thargoids. A spokesperson for Aegis said the galactic community had worked hard to oppose the Thargoids, and that Aegis would therefore make it easier for independent pilots to obtain advanced weaponry and hardware.  
  
Meanwhile, an emergency report from Aegis has confirmed that the Thargoids have launched a large-scale assault on the Deciat system. The organisation has called on all members of the galactic community for assistance in defending the system, which is home to the Garay Terminal starport.  
  
A fringe religion that worships the Thargoids has become the target of hostility, with large numbers of civilian protestors reacting angrily to the sect’s openly pro-Thargoid stance. Authorities have responded with assurances that the sect’s members are harmless, and that criminal acts against them may result in prosecution.  
  
In other news, scientists in Colonia have announced plans to build an outpost to monitor the region’s population and resources. Professor Alexei de la Vega, who is heading the project, said the proposed outpost would focus on ensuring that the ever-expanding region would have sufficient resources in the long term.  
  
Finally, an operation to support construction of an Aegis military facility in the Pleiades Nebula has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering mined resources to The Oracle, and by protecting traders in the system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Silver United Succeed at Securing Zaonce  
  
3301-05-05   
  
After months of being terrorised by malicious criminals intent on turning the Old Worlds into some kind of ‘New Caribbean’, residents of the Lave cluster finally banded together this past weekend to crack down on the lawless scum that had been pillaging and plundering their way across the sector.  
  
Inspired by the recent help freely given to the people of Reorte by the Alliance Elite Diplomatic Corps, Silver United Solutions decided to offer a set of substantial rewards to any pilot brave enough to help remove the criminals known as the Jet Gang from Zaonce.   
  
The initiative was an overwhelming success. 5,535 pilots were temporarily deputised during the course of the weekend, leading to the Zaonce Jet Gang (and many other local pirate crews) being crushed by the raw power of the makeshift fleet.  
  
To celebrate their success, Silver United Solutions has organised a special discount on all Faulcon DeLacy ships being sold from Ridley Scott Station, Zaonce. A limited number of Pythons have been made available for the duration of the sale.  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Defends Research Initiative  
  
3303-08-15   
  
The Alliance has been criticised for its recent appeal for Thargoid data, which began only days after a joint-superpower initiative was established to study the Thargoids.  
  
A number of independent factions, including the Federal Republican Command, have censured the Alliance for its apparently contradictory stance.  
  
A spokesperson for the Alliance was quick to respond:  
  
“Aegis emerged from a spirit of unity, so we can understand why an independent initiative could be seen as undermining that philosophy. The simple truth is that it takes a long time to plan a campaign of this sort, and in this case our preparations began long before Aegis was established. Cancelling the campaign would have had dire repercussions for our partners, the Kaushpoos Pro-Alliance Union, to whom we have a contractual obligation. Rest assured that the instruments we plan to develop will be made available to Aegis, to which the Alliance is fully committed.”  
  
# Author Begins Interstellar Book Tour  
  
3304-07-04   
  
Celebrated author Olav Redcourt has begun a promotional tour, visiting over fifty destinations throughout the core systems.   
  
His new novel, ‘Corsair King and the Storm of Desire’, is the fourteenth in a series of swashbuckling historical romances set in the 27th century. A press release from Bonespire Publishing stated:  
  
“After many months of waiting, the next book in Olav Redcourt’s pulse-pounding series is at last on sale. To mark the occasion, we have organised an epic tour so that loyal readers can meet the creator of the Corsair King, Lady Lastday, Roughkiss and all their other favourite characters. The tour will begin in the Blatrimpe system and conclude two months later in Procyon.”  
  
“As with all releases from Bonespire Publishing, readers will be able to customise the holo-novel to enhance their reading pleasure. Our easy-to-use controls allow the reader to revise narrative structure, vocabulary and characterisation, and the plotline will have multiple option points, enabling you to determine an ending that meets your tastes.”  
  
An independent reporter approached Mr Redcourt as he was boarding a passenger liner, but was only able to record a few short statements. These included “bounced across space like a damn human pinball” and “nothing but meat for the sausage factory”.  
  
The author’s agent, Margaux Hist, told the media:  
  
“I wouldn’t pay much attention to that. Olav was probably just thinking aloud while developing a new character.”  
  
# Galactic News: New Imperial Ship Complete  
  
3302-04-28   
  
Admiral Denton Patreus has announced that the Imperial campaign to construct a new Majestic-Class Interdictor is now complete. A spokesperson for the Mundjiga Patrons of Law, which helped to coordinate the construction effort, confirmed that the galactic community had responded enthusiastically to the initiative, resulting in the delivery of thousands of tonnes of essential materials.  
  
Lieutenant Severin, who oversaw the project, issued a brief statement to the media:  
  
"The public's response to this campaign has been extremely heartening. The Empire faces many threats, but its ability to meet those threats has now been considerably strengthened. On behalf of myself and Admiral Patreus I would like to thank all those who supported this initiative.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Prism Senator Summoned to Achenar  
  
3301-05-06   
  
Senator Kahina Tijani Loren’s Imperial Courier was seen departing early morning local time from the Avalon shipyards. It rendezvoused with The Imperial Interdictor Atticus, Admiral Brice last known to be in command.  
  
The convoy is believed to be enroute to the Achenar system.  
  
According to the Imperial Herald, Senator Loren is “being hailed as a true daughter of the Empire, and assigned the rights and responsibilities as appropriate to her rank.”  
  
Quite what this means is not clear, even to seasoned Imperial watchers.  
  
Senator Loren’s political leanings are even less clear. She is reportedly in favour of slavery, having been quoted as saying “Slavery is a safety net, it ensures nobody can starve or fall into poverty.”   
  
She is also clearly prepared to use violence to achieve her aims – as revolutionaries on her home world of Prism were summarily executed after she returned to power.  
  
By contrast she seems to be in favour of closer political ties with the Federation and the Alliance. Her recent trip to the Sol system was either a carefully orchestrated political gambit, or just happy chance. Either way, her positive profile with in the Federation is certainly a factor.   
  
Senator Loren was involved in a wide-spread space battle during the reclamation of the Prism, which may have influenced her views on the effectiveness and desirability of major naval engagements.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-08-15   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Gehry Gateway, Checha  
  
# Freelance Report: Keeping an Eye on Naval Expansion  
  
3302-04-29   
  
On the popular independent talk show 'Affairs of State', political commentator Walter Astoria defended the recent construction of a new Alliance outpost while expressing concern about Federal and Imperial naval expansion.  
  
"Who cares if the new Alliance outpost is a listening post? The Federation and Empire are building capital ships, and they feel threatened by an outpost? Give me a break!  
  
"Federal shipyards have been running at maximum capacity since President Hudson's inauguration. Since then, the Federation's only noteworthy naval action was in Kausalya against Emperor's Dawn.  
  
"It may be less troubling to see the Empire replenishing its forces, given its prolonged campaign against Emperor's Dawn, but a new battle group built around a new Majestic is clearly an attempt to maintain the status quo.  
  
"Review your history – there aren't many examples of arms races cultivating peace and mutual understanding. This doesn't bode well.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Major Victories against the League of Reparation  
  
3304-07-05   
  
A series of successful operations against the League of Reparation has led to much of the terrorist group being dismantled.  
  
Captain Niamh Seutonia, a member of the tri-superpower taskforce investigating the League, released this statement:  
  
“Over the last few days, Senior Agent Ramirez and I have led multiple raids against the League of Reparation. We interdicted several of their ships and located many outposts concealed within Imperial and Federal systems. The key to these victories was the decryption of their communications network.”  
  
“Despite meeting fierce resistance, our security forces arrested or eliminated dozens of League members. In some cases, we acted just in time to prevent further murderous acts against those descended from members of the INRA.”  
  
“We believe the League has been dealt a fatal blow, but we are still investigating how they gained access to top-level comms encryption and other restricted equipment, which suggests support from influential individuals. Furthermore, we have yet to identify Nexus, the organisation’s coordinator. We have many fresh leads, however, and expect further results soon.”  
  
Milo Vesper, an editor for The Alliance Tribune, published this opinion piece:  
  
“This may be great news for some, but what about our citizens? The taskforce should be hunting down these animals in the Alliance! We know they’re here, what with Admiral Buchanan at Lave and the trap they set for Chief Inspector Kilbride, whose bravery we will never forget. Why isn’t her replacement out there on raids too?”  
  
Deputy Inspector Klatt was unavailable for comment.  
  
# Tour of Frontier Systems Set to Begin Shortly  
  
3301-05-06   
  
Despite a rather sceptical response to the President’s planned tour of Federal frontier systems, particularly the bizarre choice to visit 78 Ursae Majoris (a system which overwhelmingly voted to leave the Federation nearly two months ago), the President’s office has announced that the series of visits with local leaders will go ahead as planned.  
  
The following systems have already been announced as being part of the President’s trip:  
  
Hip 53688  
  
Tinia   
  
78 Ursae Majoris  
  
Su   
  
Furuhjlem I-645  
  
Saga  
  
Delphin  
  
Nanoman  
  
Coriccha  
  
Ross 860  
  
Another dozen systems are expected to be added before the President sets off on tour later in the week.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-08-16   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-05-04   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# A Thargoid Fifth Column?  
  
3304-07-05   
  
Amid growing public mistrust of a fringe sect that worships the Thargoids, a report suggests that the group’s members may be undercover Thargoid agents.  
  
Independent journalist Flint ‘Firemaker’ Lafosse shared his theories via the Rewired news feed:  
  
“I’m sure you’re all just as creeped out as I am by those hooded monks and their stinking hive-chapels. Granted, being creepy isn’t a crime, and I’m as live-and-let-live as the next man. But isn’t it strange that this cult is rising just as the Thargoids return in force?”  
  
“The idea of humans working on behalf of aliens might sound crazy, but think about it. All those escape pods captured by Thargoid ships…what did they want them for? After a bit of brainwashing, they’d make perfect spies, sent back to infiltrate humanity using this religion as a cover.”  
  
“What scares me is that these freaks don’t communicate. They just lurk in the dark, waiting. Why are they so mysterious? What’s going on in those chapels? For all we know, they’re seeding our planets with barnacles and eggs, right under our noses.”  
  
Leading exotheologian Dr Alfred Ulyanov responded with this comment:  
  
“I can categorically answer one point: the reason the Far God worshippers are not interested in communicating is that, from their point of view, we will all be dead soon. As for the rest of this speculation, nothing in my studies has caused me to suspect this group to be a threat, despite its unsettling beliefs.”  
  
# Arcanonn Challenges Halsey  
  
3301-05-07   
  
Research into the recently recovered Unknown Artefact has intensified. Scientists, engineers and Commanders are flocking to assist Dr Arcanonn and his team from all across populated space, political allegiances temporarily forgotten in the search for answers.   
  
Many theories have been hypothesised, among them that the Artefact is some kind of stasis pod, an alien exploration probe or even an exotic frame-shift drive. The object’s strange sounds have been picked apart by experts and it has been subjected to a vast array of tests, including exposure to a sample of Hafnium 178 that was ‘liberated for science’ from yet another Federation convoy.  
  
The mysterious object continues to defy all attempts at analysis and, in a controversial move, Dr Arcanonn has publicly accused the Federal authorities of withholding information regarding the Unknown Artefact.  
  
He is quoted as saying, "On behalf of all humanity, my team and I demand answers. The potential repercussions of the Artefact’s existence are staggering. We still know very little but it is clear that the technology involved is very different to our own.”  
  
Commander Arcanonn concludes his appeal: “The potential for scientific advancements are huge but so are the dangers. The Federation has to come forward and tell us what they know of this object and its origins. The time for secrecy is over.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: The Sigma Summit  
  
3303-08-17   
  
Secoya Emperor's Grace has been announced as the organiser of this year's Sigma Summit, a three-day conference for some of the Empire's most powerful individuals. Figures from the worlds of finance, politics and entertainment are expected to attend the event, which this year will be held in the Secoya system.  
  
The Summit is not without its detractors, with political commentator Sal Riley recently condemning it as "a grotesquely opulent and outmoded display of self-congratulation". Nevertheless, the number of influential figures in attendance has prompted suggestions that more policy making is concluded at the Summit than in the Senate.  
  
As the event approaches, Secoya Emperor's Grace has placed an open order for a range of luxury commodities, promising to reward pilots who delivering master chefs, Kamitra cigars and Sanuma decorative meat to Joy Port in the Secoya system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 17th of August 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Jaques' Big Jump  
  
3302-05-05   
  
Equipped with a cluster of drive engines, Jaques Station is noted for being the galaxy's only travelling starport. Owned and operated by a cyborg known as 'Jaques', the Orbis station has been roaming the galaxy for over 40 years, and in that time it has become something of a cultural icon. Now, after more than four decades of travel, Jaques is about to embark on his most ambitious expedition yet – a long-distance jump from Gliese 1269 to Beagle Point.  
  
In a statement, Jaques explained the thinking behind the venture.  
  
"Well, I've been wandering the galaxy for over forty years now, and the truth is that after a while, travel starts to lose its allure. You've got to remember, I've been alive for several centuries. The things that used to excite you just sort of...lose their spark. I thought a long-distance leap might rekindle my enthusiasm.  
  
Naturally, moving a starport such a considerable distance requires a significant amount of fuel, which is why Jaques has turned to celebrated search-and-rescue organisation the Fuel Rats for help. The Fuel Rats, in turn, have issued an appeal to their many members and supporters to contribute fuel to Jaques's operation. The Fuel Rats Mischief, which is coordinating the operation, has promised to generously reward those who support the operation.  
  
The campaign begins on the 5th of May 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-07-05   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Arend Dock, HIP 17838  
  
Gehry Gateway, Checha  
  
Gentle Survey, Jolagro  
  
Gordon City, Anagori  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Hurston Platform, Yamahun  
  
Malthus Terminal, Pleiades Sector HR-W d1-41  
  
Neumann Camp, Shinrarta Dezhra  
  
Mitchell Ring, Carnoeck  
  
De Lay Survey, Ahemaker  
  
Kube-McDowell Enterprise, Kakas  
  
Norgay Hub, Obambori  
  
# Hudson Demands Debate  
  
3301-05-08   
  
It looks like the President may not be taking her planned tour after all, following news that Shadow President Hudson has publicly challenged President Halsey to a live policy debate on the popular Federal political stream show ‘Face the People’.  
  
So far, the President’s office has declined to offer an official response to Shadow President Hudson’s request.   
  
The President is now in the unenviable position of having to turn down the Shadow President’s request, which risks making the President appear weak at a time when she needs to appear strong in order to turn public opinion around. The alternative is being forced to cancel her trip, which could potentially lose her whatever support she’s managed to muster among her frontier followers.  
  
As always, stay tuned to GalNet for more information as it becomes available.  
  
# Community Goal: Restoring Order in Kaal  
  
3303-08-17   
  
Authorities in the Kaal system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, the Kuk Silver Fortune Company has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Vercors Station.  
  
The campaign begins on 17th of August 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Tantalum for the Wyrd Raiders  
  
3302-05-05   
  
The Wyrd Raiders may not be widely known outside the Wyrd system, but for several years it has been one of the most successful commercial enterprises in its region of space, enjoying profitable relationships with an array of partners. Now, the organisation has issued an appeal to the galactic community for help in compiling an order of tantalum for an unnamed party.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"Ordinarily we would have no difficulty meeting an order of this kind, but given the relative urgency of the request, we have decided to place an open order for the necessary materials. Naturally we will generously reward those who lend us their support.  
  
The spokesperson was asked to address rumours that the tantalum was in fact intended for a group of independent engineers, but she refused to be drawn on the subject:  
  
"Our partners usually prefer to keep their identities private, since their transactions are often of a commercially sensitive nature. I'm sure you understand.  
  
The Wyrd Raiders has promised to reward pilots who deliver tantalum to Gareth Edwards Park in the Wyrd system. The campaign begins on the 5th of May 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Old World Resurgence in Diso  
  
3301-05-08   
  
The newest rejuvenation project to hit the Old Worlds has been announced, and this time it’s the Green Party of Diso who have stepped up to the challenge of making its home a pleasant (and profitable) place to live.   
  
As most traders are well aware, Diso is famous for its Diso Ma Corn. A hearty, healthy, tasty plant, this covers itself in a light dust which when snorted produces an intense but brief feeling of contentment and wellbeing. Currently, Diso Ma Corn can only be (cost-effectively) grown on the planet of Birmingham. This is due to a unique collection of nutrients found in the planet’s soil, combined with the near-constant bombardment of the planet by solar waves being ejected from Diso itself.   
  
Now the Green Party of Diso is hoping to capitalise on its unique cash crop by increasing the output of Birmingham’s Ma Corn plantations. To do that, the Green Party has placed orders to the tune of 15 million tonnes worth of Machinery, in particular the Green Party are interest in purchasing a large quantity of Atmospheric Processors, Crop Harvesters, Power Generators and Water Purifiers.  
  
In order to earn personal bonuses you must sign up as an active participant before selling Machinery to The Diso Green Party. Only Atmospheric Processors, Crop Harvesters, Power Generators and Water Purifiers sold after signing up will be counted towards your personal contribution total.  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-08-17   
  
The Alliance has announced that its new research initiative has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Huge quantities of resources were delivered to Neville Horizons over the past week, allowing the Alliance to start constructing a range of instruments expressly designed to analyse Thargoid material. The campaign also received the support of hundreds of independent combat pilots, who took to their ships to protect the spaceways and defend the traders contributing to the initiative.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, an Alliance spokesperson said:  
  
“With the aid of the galactic community, we are now in a position to embark on a detailed study of Thargoid technology and other material. I hasten to add, however, that analysis of this kind is a slow process. The public should not expect profound revelations in the immediate future! But rest assured that our scientists will be working tirelessly to deepen our understanding of the Thargoids.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Neville Horizons in the Kaushpoos system.  
  
# Colonia Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-07-05   
  
The campaign to supply a scientific project in Colonia has now concluded and construction of a resource management centre has begun. Hundreds of independent pilots made the journey to deliver commodities to Tir Technology Services in the Tir system.  
  
Professor Alexei de la Vega, in charge of the research project, made this statement:  
  
“With the construction of a research centre we will be able to monitor population spikes and manage resource allocation throughout the region.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the project can now collect their rewards from Bolden’s Enterprise in the Tir system.  
  
# The Didiomanja Emperor’s Grace Academy Inauguration  
  
3304-07-05   
  
The Didiomanja Emperor’s Grace has completed work on the Tiverion Academy, a flight school for Imperial naval cadets. The organisation is hosting an inaugural banquet to mark the event, and to honour the late Admiral Mira Tiverion, the organisation’s founding member, who will have a monument erected at the site.  
  
A spokesperson for the Didiomanja Emperor’s Grace released the following statement:  
  
“The Tiverion Academy will provide new recruits with cutting-edge training facilities. To host a fitting banquet for its inauguration, we require help in sourcing a range of exotic food and drink. We also require a quantity of gold to make the monument raised in the Admiral’s memory a truly spectacular tribute.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 5th of July 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Exploration Data Appeal Reaches Conclusion  
  
3302-05-05   
  
The office of Jasmina Halsey has announced that the former president's appeal for exploration data has reached a successful conclusion. Although Halsey's claims of transcendent experiences have been dismissed by much of the political elite, the wider galactic community was more receptive, with hundreds of independent pilots taking to their ships to gather exploration data for Halsey's appeal.  
  
In the wake of the appeal's success, a member of Halsey's personal staff released a statement to the media:  
  
"On behalf of President Halsey, I would like to thank all those who supported this appeal. The data you submitted will now be analysed to determine if it can tell us more about the beings seen by President Halsey. With luck, this investigation will set us on a path to making contact with these extraordinary beings.  
  
# 78 Ursae Majoris Reacts to President’s Intended Visit  
  
3301-05-09   
  
Following the rather strange announcement that President Halsey will soon be visiting the ex-Federal system of 78 Ursae Majoris, GalNet reached out to local leaders and residents to get their thoughts.  
  
“I think it’s excellent that President Halsey is finally showing some interest in what’s happening in the region. It’s a shame she won’t be swinging by Townshend, I’m sure my constituents have plenty they want to say to her about the years of neglect the system suffered under Federal rule.”  
  
Andrew Bailey, Mayor of Townshend Hub – Alioth Independents  
  
“The people of 78 Ursae Majoris have made their feelings about the years of neglect very clear. That is now behind us. I say if President Halsey wishes to make amends, then it is very decent of her to come here and do so in person. Let bygones be bygones. We in the 78 Ursae Majoris for Equality Party are looking forward to the President’s visit, and we hope that it will prove to be a productive experience for the residents of Seddon Gateway.”  
  
Mary Silverstein, Seddon Gateway - Chair of 78 Ursae Majoris for Equality Party  
  
“I thought the Lughnatics murdered Halsey? She’s coming ’ere, you say? Why? I thought we were pretty clear, !*#@ the Feds, we don’t want ’em. Well... ’ere’s ’oping no one gets any bright ideas about finishing ’er off, this place was just finally startin’ ta sort itself out.”  
  
Gryph Jones, 78 Ursae Majoris B 3 - Farmer  
  
# Community Goal: The Sigma Summit  
  
3303-08-18   
  
Secoya Emperor's Grace has been announced as the organiser of this year's Sigma Summit, a three-day conference for some of the Empire's most powerful individuals. Figures from the worlds of finance, politics and entertainment are expected to attend the event, which this year will be held in the Secoya system.  
  
The Summit is not without its detractors, with political commentator Sal Riley recently condemning it as "a grotesquely opulent and outmoded display of self-congratulation". Nevertheless, the number of influential figures in attendance has prompted suggestions that more policy making is concluded at the Summit than in the Senate.  
  
As the event approaches, Secoya Emperor's Grace has placed an open order for a range of luxury commodities, promising to reward pilots who delivering master chefs, Kamitra cigars and Sanuma decorative meat to Joy Port in the Secoya system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 17th of August 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Morrina Aid Campaign Reaches Conclusion  
  
3302-05-05   
  
The Spinward Marches Alliance Concern has announced that its campaign to bring relief to the people of the Morrina system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a deluge of deliveries to Beaumont Dock. The medicines, water purifiers and power generators delivered to the station will now be distributed to those affected by the system's recent conflicts.  
  
Following the success of the campaign, a spokesperson for Spinward Marches Alliance Concern released a brief statement:  
  
"We would like to extend our sincere thanks to members of the Pilots Federation who gave so generously of their time and resources. Today marks the beginning of a brighter future for the people of Morrina. As the system stabilises, we will turn to the goals of terraforming Morrina 4 and establishing exploration outposts deep in the Orion Arm.  
  
## Federation  
  
# A Profile of Jordan Rochester  
  
3304-07-06   
  
Responding to public interest in Princess Aisling Duval’s fiancé, Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester, political journalist Cassia Carvalho has compiled a profile for The Imperial Herald:  
  
“Jordan Rochester is now a household name throughout the Empire, though few were aware of him prior to his engagement to Princess Duval. But in the Federation, the Rochesters have been associated with success for over two hundred years.”  
  
“The Rochester name can be traced back to self-made tycoon Apollo Rochester, who was the biggest landowner on Biggs Colony in the Altair system. Each generation since has strived for fame and wealth, and the expression ‘as rich as a Rochester’ has become common parlance.”  
  
“The family matriarch is Isolde Rochester. She is a member of Congress, an influential figure in the Liberal Party and a staunch supporter of Shadow President Felicia Winters. Isolde raised five children, including Jordan, and it was her accomplishments that inspired her son to enter politics.”  
  
“Jordan’s siblings chose different paths. The eldest, Jupiter Rochester, is an executive with Core Dynamics, with a personal fortune in the billions. Fifteen years ago he had his own celebrity marriage, to actor Tomas Turai. They now have two teenage children, daughter Kali and son Kalen.”  
  
“Jordan’s sisters, Juno and Jocasta, have impressive Navy careers, holding the ranks of Vice Admiral and Post Captain respectively. Only Jordan’s younger brother, Jonah, has no title. He is believed to be the black sheep of the family.”  
  
“Despite being just 34, Jordan has already made his mark. He has overseen several high-level negotiations on behalf of the Federal Diplomatic Corps and is now a trusted envoy, noted for his charm and tact.”  
  
“His future will be interesting, to say the least. How will he balance being both a Federal statesman and an Imperial consort? And what are the wider ramifications of the Rochester dynasty aligning with the House of Duval? Even more so than his predecessors, Jordan Rochester has already ensured that history will remember his family’s name.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# President Halsey Refuses Shadow President’s Request  
  
3301-05-09   
  
The office of President Jasmina Halsey has today issued a statement refusing Shadow President Hudson’s demand to meet him for a live presidential debate on ‘Face the People’.  
  
James Speakes, the President’s Press Secretary, had this to say on the matter:  
  
“The President is of course happy to debate the Shadow President on policy. President Halsey welcomes any opportunity to talk about the many wonderful programmes she’s instigated since taking office. Sadly in this instance, prior engagements keep her from being able to attend such a debate.”  
  
“As President of the Federation, Jasmina Halsey’s schedule is booked months in advance. Clearing her entire schedule for the next two weeks simply to take part in a debate against the Shadow President is not something that the President felt that she could do. If Shadow President Hudson still wishes to debate President Halsey when she returns from her trip, then the President will be more than happy to oblige him.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: CIMA Honours Contest Winners  
  
3302-05-06   
  
Benjamin Gorrister, founder of the Carmack Intergalactic Mining Association, has honoured winners of the CIMA prospector's competition at a prize-giving ceremony at Wasden Colony in Halbara.  
  
"It is a great pleasure to acknowledge the pilots who found the most pristine metallic rings," said Gorrister. "The first prize, of 50 million credits, goes to Commander Kjnpbr, who found 200 new systems. The second prize, of 30 million credits, goes to Commander Irisa Nyira, who found 100 new systems. And the third prize, of 18. 5 million credits, goes to Commander Gonzoid, who found 85 new systems."   
  
Prior to the ceremony, Commander Kjnpbr was seen giving a data matrix containing information on even more pristine metallic ring systems to CIMA's chief engineer, Maxim Kammerer.  
  
Karen Keish  
  
Theta Wave News  
  
# Community Goal: Restoring Order in Kaal  
  
3303-08-18   
  
Authorities in the Kaal system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, the Kuk Silver Fortune Company has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Vercors Station.  
  
The campaign begins on 17th of August 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-07-07   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
A series of successful operations against the League of Reparation has led to much of the terrorist group being dismantled. But while the group has been dealt a severe blow, agents have yet to identify the organisation’s coordinator, Nexus.  
  
Meanwhile, an independent report suggests that a fringe Thargoid-worshipping cult may in fact be harbouring undercover Thargoid agents. A leading exotheologian responded by saying that he did not believe the group to be a threat, despite its unsettling beliefs.  
  
Political journalist Cassia Carvalho has compiled a profile on Jordan Rochester, fiancé of Princess Aisling Duval, for The Imperial Herald. The article documents Rochester’s family history, and raises the question of how he will balance being both a Federal statesman and an Imperial consort.  
  
In other news, celebrated author Olav Redcourt has begun a promotional tour that will take him to over fifty destinations throughout the core systems. The tour will support Redcourt’s new novel, ‘Corsair King and the Storm of Desire’, the fourteenth in a series of swashbuckling historical romances set in the 27th century.  
  
Didiomanja Emperor's Grace has completed work on the Tiverion Academy, a flight school for Imperial naval cadets, and is hosting an inaugural banquet to mark the event. The organisation has placed an open order for exotic food and drinks, to be served at the celebratory banquet, and issued an appeal for mined resources, which will be used to construct a statue of Admiral Mira Tiverion.  
  
Finally, the campaign to supply a scientific project in Colonia has now concluded, and construction of a resource-management centre has begun. Hundreds of independent pilots made the journey to deliver commodities to Tir Technology Services in the Tir system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# The Doom That Comes To Quivira  
  
3301-05-11   
  
For the last week Civil War has ravaged the independent nation of Quivira.  
  
Quivira Electronics Plc, acting under orders of Senator Denton Patreus, launched an all out attack on the People’s Quivira for Equality Party, leading to fierce fighting between the two parties in the skies above Godel and Stapledon Docks.  
  
The People’s Quivira for Equality Party managed to successfully evacuate millions of refugees to the nearby systems of Summerland and Persephone. In particular, the People’s Quivira for Equality Party would like to thank Commanders Maclolie, Tavok, Reliant, Morningstar and Aydro for holding the line long enough for the innocent residents of Quivira to escape.  
  
Unfortunately for those left behind, it appears that Senator Patreus is not quite done with Quivira. Reports from the region indicate that several Imperial Majestic class Interdictors have been spotted entering Quivira’s airspace. According to sources close to the situation, Senator Patreus now intends to make an example of the defiant nation of Quivira by driving all Independent influences out of the system.  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-08-18   
  
The Alliance has announced that its new research initiative has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Huge quantities of resources were delivered to Neville Horizons over the past week, allowing the Alliance to start constructing a range of instruments expressly designed to analyse Thargoid material. The campaign also received the support of hundreds of independent combat pilots, who took to their ships to protect the spaceways and defend the traders contributing to the initiative.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, an Alliance spokesperson said:  
  
“With the aid of the galactic community, we are now in a position to embark on a detailed study of Thargoid technology and other material. I hasten to add, however, that analysis of this kind is a slow process. The public should not expect profound revelations in the immediate future! But rest assured that our scientists will be working tirelessly to deepen our understanding of the Thargoids.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Neville Horizons in the Kaushpoos system.  
  
# Galactic News: Jasmina Halsey to Undergo Psychiatric Review  
  
3302-05-07   
  
A member of Jasmina Halsey's personal staff has announced that the former president's appeal for exploration data failed to uncover any evidence of the entities she claims to have seen. The campaign yielded a huge quantity of exploration data, but despite being subjected to extensive examination, the information did not yield any proof of Halsey's assertions.  
  
The spokesperson went on to say that the former Federal president had been admitted to a secure psychiatric facility on Mars for "extended care and review". This announcement follows weeks of speculation concerning Halsey's mental health, which was called into question by commentators both within and outside the Federation.  
  
Halsey's spokesperson declined to answer journalists' questions.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-07-08   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
A series of successful operations against the League of Reparation has led to much of the terrorist group being dismantled. But while the group has been dealt a severe blow, agents have yet to identify the organisation’s coordinator, Nexus.  
  
Meanwhile, an independent report suggests that a fringe Thargoid-worshipping cult may in fact be harbouring undercover Thargoid agents. A leading exotheologian responded by saying that he did not believe the group to be a threat, despite its unsettling beliefs.  
  
Political journalist Cassia Carvalho has compiled a profile on Jordan Rochester, fiancé of Princess Aisling Duval, for The Imperial Herald. The article documents Rochester’s family history, and raises the question of how he will balance being both a Federal statesman and an Imperial consort.  
  
In other news, celebrated author Olav Redcourt has begun a promotional tour that will take him to over fifty destinations throughout the core systems. The tour will support Redcourt’s new novel, ‘Corsair King and the Storm of Desire’, the fourteenth in a series of swashbuckling historical romances set in the 27th century.  
  
Didiomanja Emperor's Grace has completed work on the Tiverion Academy, a flight school for Imperial naval cadets, and is hosting an inaugural banquet to mark the event. The organisation has placed an open order for exotic food and drinks, to be served at the celebratory banquet, and issued an appeal for mined resources, which will be used to construct a statue of Admiral Mira Tiverion.  
  
Finally, the campaign to supply a scientific project in Colonia has now concluded, and construction of a resource-management centre has begun. Hundreds of independent pilots made the journey to deliver commodities to Tir Technology Services in the Tir system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Security Chief Liaising with Aegis  
  
3303-08-19   
  
Reports have surfaced that Admiral Aden Tanner, Chief of Federal Security and so-called ‘alien tsar’, is now liaising with Aegis, the inter-superpower initiative established to investigate the Thargoids.  
  
News of Admiral Tanner’s involvement has already prompted speculation that the cold war between the Empire and the Federation could be thawing. Contrasting voices have suggested that Tanner’s association could divert Aegis from its scientific agenda and set it on a more militaristic course.  
  
In the wake of this development, Admiral Tanner made the following statement:  
  
“It is my sincere pleasure to support Aegis in its mission and contribute to what I hope will be a new era of collaboration. I know there are those who have questioned my involvement with Aegis, but I can assure you that after forty years in the military, I am ready for some peace.”  
  
“Our current priorities are determining the scale of the Thargoids’ presence in human space and confirming their intentions regarding humanity. We have no concrete information to share with the galactic community at this time, however.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Alliance Supports Five a Day in Diso!  
  
3301-05-11   
  
On Friday the Green Party of Diso announced their plans to rejuvenate the failing financial fortunes of Birmingham. The news was well received by independent traders from across the galaxy, many of whom immediately made their way to Diso to help ship Machinery for the Green Party of Diso.  
  
In total 5187 Commanders signed up to assist with the rejuvenation project, and together they managed to deliver a staggering 15,010,547 tonnes of Machinery to Diso over the course of just 65 hours. In particular, the Green Party of Diso would like to thank Broker Mrozak, Broker HawX, Tycoon Ace Rimzy, Tycoon Thalios Abraxas and Broker Del Boy for their outstanding efforts to stimulate Birmingham’s economy.  
  
As promised, an increased supply of Diso Ma Corn has now been released to the markets aboard Shifnalport. It is hoped that the extra corn supply will not only help to rejuvenate Diso’s economy, but that it will also help to encourage economic growth throughout the entire Old World sector.  
  
# Freelance Report: Conspiracy Theorist Defends Halsey  
  
3302-05-09   
  
Notorious conspiracy theorist Ricardo Bentonio, speaking from the Groombridge 34 system, has issued a statement of support for former Federal president Jasmina Halsey:  
  
"They're calling Halsey crazy, but she may just be a modern-day Joan of Arc – a conduit chosen by the Architects of Creation to speak to mankind. The powers-that-be want to silence her by locking her away. I demand that I and a small group of scientists be granted an audience with President Halsey so we can find out the truth.  
  
Bentonio recently made headlines after issuing a plea for cartographic data to prove that the 29th of February was an 'aberrant day' heralding the imminent collapse of the universe. What Mr Bentonio did with that data, and whether it helped to prove or disprove his theories, has not been released to the public.  
  
Commander Finn McMillan  
  
# Fringe Religion Condemns Far God Cult  
  
3304-07-11   
  
The Church of Eternal Void has denounced the so-called Far God cult, which worships the Thargoids.  
  
A spokesperson identified as Cardinal Hieronymous made this statement:  
  
“As disciples of the Guardians, we hereby declare war on those who have sold their souls to the Thargoid demons. We vow to expunge their poisonous creed and purge them from the galaxy.”  
  
Since this statement was made, the Church has seen a dramatic upswing in support from local communities. Juanita Bishop, who has been campaigning against the Far God sect, commented:  
  
“It’s about time somebody did something! The public need to get behind the Church and help them get these alien-lovers off our streets.”  
  
Security forces in many systems have issued reminders that the Far God sect is legally recognised as a religion, and that any hostility against its members will be considered a criminal act.   
  
Dr Alfred Ulyanov, a leading exotheologian, discussed the situation on the Rewired news feed:  
  
“A number of doomsayer cults have emerged recently, including Homo Terminus, Nova Imperium and the Order of Extinction. But of all those I’ve studied, the Church of Eternal Void differs in one key respect – it offers hope. They claim that veneration of the Guardians will prevent Thargoid Armageddon, which is probably why they’re the most popular, being based on a classic binary theology of good versus evil.”  
  
“It’s apparent that the Church is taking advantage of animosity towards the Far God sect to promote itself. The idea of Thargoid spies in human form, although baseless, has caused much anxiety. By declaring the Cult a holy adversary, the Church validates its own existence.”  
  
# Prism Senator Denies Power Play  
  
3301-05-12   
  
Senator Kahina Tijani Loren was seen at a musical soiree on Capitol yesterday evening, taking part in a reception after her arrival in the Achenar system.   
  
Kahina was ambushed by reporters as she emerged from her transport and asked whether she was intending to challenge for the leadership of the Empire.  
  
She responded that she had “absolutely no ambitions in that direction whatsoever.”  
  
Asked whether she would support Senator Patreus or Senator Lavigny’s bid for leadership, she replied that they both had “genuine claims to the throne.”  
  
Speculation has not died down as a result. Pundits have been debating whether these seemingly straightforward answers are hiding a bigger agenda.  
  
Kazien Vantris, chief editor of the Imperial Herald, commented in his editorial - “The first rule of vying for power? Deny everything. By not directly supporting anyone she’s clearly keeping her options open. Quite why that is remains to be seen. We’ll leave that to the forums to decide.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Total Eclipse  
  
3303-08-22   
  
The Kpelidoog Empire Assembly, an Imperial organisation based in the Kpelidoog system, has announced plans to build a new Wells-class Carrier to support astronomical research.  
  
In a statement, a spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"Many of the galaxy's scientific groups are currently focused on the Thargoids, but we think it's important to keep an eye on the bigger picture. Once complete, this new ship will gather data on stellar bodies and unusual celestial phenomena.  
  
The Kpelidoog Empire Assembly has placed an open order for titanium, semiconductors and power generators for use in the construction, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Hipparchus Terminal in the Kpelidoog system.  
  
The spokesperson went on to say:  
  
"The success of this initiative depends largely on the support of the galactic community. That's why we've decided to incorporate the name of the pilot who makes the largest contribution into the name of the new vessel.  
  
The campaign begins on the 21st of August 3303 and will run until the 24th of August 3303. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-05-11   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-07-11   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
De Lay Survey, Ahemaker  
  
Hurston Platform, Yamahun  
  
Malthus Terminal, Pleiades Sector HR-W d1-41  
  
Mitchell Ring, Carnoeck  
  
Neumann Camp, Shinrarta Dezhra  
  
Norgay Hub, Obambori  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Alexandria Dock, Chanab  
  
Antonio de Andrade Enterprise, Ratemere  
  
Burnell Station, Sol  
  
Digges Terminal, Checha  
  
Hutton Orbital, Alpha Centauri  
  
Newholm Station, Sothis  
  
O'Leary Vision, Segon  
  
Riebe Enterprise, Checha  
  
Sharon Lee Free Market, Orrere  
  
# The Sinner, the Saint and the Saviour  
  
3301-05-13   
  
Two days ago, Senator Denton Patreus officially declared War on the impoverished system of Quivira. Thousands of vessels loyal to Patreus have been pouring into Quivira ever since, bringing death and destruction to any non-Imperial ships that they find.  
  
Fortunately, most of Quivira’s residents had already been successfully evacuated to nearby systems. This is in no small part thanks to the efforts of Independent and Federal Commanders working to thwart Senator Patreus’s plans for Quivira.  
  
While the Senator begins to carve up the system for his followers, other members of the Imperial court appear to be seriously concerned about the millions of displaced civilians who now find themselves lost, angry, but not quite alone in Imperial space. In an effort to soothe the situation, both Aisling Duval and Arissa Lavigny-Duval have set up campaigns aimed at helping the refugees get back on their feet.  
  
Citizens willing to aid the Princesses in their endeavours can sign up to help Aisling’s agents at Henry O’Hare’s Hanger in Summerland. Similarly, Arissa’s agents can be found working aboard Lambardelli’s Legacy in Persephone.  
  
# Galactic News: Tantalum Appeal Extended  
  
3302-05-11   
  
The Wyrd Raiders have announced that their campaign for tantalum has been extended. A spokesperson for the organisation confirmed that this was to ensure targets would be met.  
  
In a brief statement, the spokesperson said:  
  
"We are extremely grateful for the support we have received so far. But it is clear that for this campaign to succeed, we will need to give pilots more time to source the tantalum we have asked for.  
  
The campaign is now scheduled to end on the 19th of May 3302.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-08-24   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Alliance Admiral Detained  
  
3304-07-12   
  
A member of the Alliance Council of Admirals has been arrested by the taskforce investigating terrorist organisation the League of Reparation.  
  
Admiral George Varma was confronted by Captain Niamh Seutonia and Senior Agent Tanya Ramirez during a meeting of admiralty staff at the Donaldson starport in Alioth. Despite protests, he was placed under arrest and escorted to a secure facility.  
  
Captain Seutonia gave a brief statement to the media:  
  
“We have been trying to determine how the League of Reparation gained access to military-issue weapons, equipment and encryption. We now have evidence that Admiral Varma was secretly redirecting cargo shipments from the Alliance Defence Force to terrorist cells. It’s highly likely that Varma is Nexus, the organisation’s coordinator, and we are proceeding on that assumption.”  
  
The arrest has created diplomatic ripples, with Federal and Imperial ambassadors being summoned before the Alliance Assembly. Council member Jed Trager told The Alliance Tribune:  
  
“For agents of the Federal Intelligence Agency and Imperial Internal Security Service to abduct an Alliance admiral is an egregious transgression. They will not get away with this.”  
  
The Council of Admirals has called for an independent inquiry to verify the accusations levied at Admiral Varma. Prime Minister Edmund Mahon made a public statement:  
  
“This has come as a great shock, but the body of evidence against Admiral Varma is considerable. I am confident that the trial will be fair, and that our own representative within the tri-superpower taskforce will ensure that justice is done.”  
  
Deputy Inspector Klatt was unavailable for comment.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# President Halsey Sets Out from Sol  
  
3301-05-13   
  
The crowds were out in force on Mars today, as residents gathered to watch the presidential battlecruiser, Space Flight One, depart on the start of President Halsey’s tour of Federal frontier systems.  
  
For security reasons, the exact details of the President’s itinerary are being kept secret. However, GalNet has been given permission to exclusively reveal the names of a dozen systems that President Halsey intends to visit during her trip. Those being:  
  
Hip 53688, Tinia, Aleumoxii, 78 Ursae Majoris, Dietri, Su, Furuhjelm I-645, Saga, Delphin, Nanomam, Coriccha and Ross 860.  
  
As Vice President Naylor will be accompanying President Halsey on her trip, the Secretary of State, Madam Winters, will be overseeing day-to-day operations on Mars during the President’s absence.  
  
# Galactic News: Kpelidoog Empire Assembly Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-08-25   
  
A spokesperson for the Kpelidoog Empire Assembly has announced that its plan to build a new Wells-class Carrier has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots took to their ships to deliver construction materials to Hipparchus Terminal, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, a spokesperson for the Kpelidoog Empire Assembly released a statement:  
  
“We are immeasurably grateful to all those who supported this initiative. Having met our targets, we hope to start work on the new ship soon.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Hipparchus Terminal in the Kpelidoog system.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Skvortsov Orbital Explorers' Gala  
  
3302-05-12   
  
With the successful conclusion of the Distant Worlds Expedition looming, intrepid explorers both within and without the bubble are turning to the bubbly, and O'Malligan's Coffee Bar at Skvortsov Orbital has announced plans to throw a party for the returning travellers. A spokesperson for the establishment said:  
  
"What does an explorer want after they've returned to the bubble, stumbled out of their ship and cashed in at Universal Cartographics? A drink or two! So we're throwing the party of the century to celebrate the achievements of the Distant Worlds pilots, and other intrepid explorers.  
  
O'Malligan's Coffee Bar has approached the Diamond Frogs, the system's controlling faction, for assistance in making the party a reality. But the Diamond Frogs' chief logistics officer, Commander Paramemetic, said: "There's no way O'Malligan's is going to be able to throw a radical party without support from the Pilots Federation. Diamond Frogs pilots alone will consume all of O'Malligan's stock within a matter of hours.  
  
To ensure the celebration is worthy of the accomplishments of the Distant Worlds team, the Diamond Frogs have promised to reward pilots who bring alcohol and other recreational substances to Skvortsov Orbital in the 63 G. Capricorni system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 12th of May 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Ebor Research Outpost  
  
3304-07-12   
  
Cobra Wing, an independent organisation based in Ebor, has launched an initiative to build a new research outpost in the system.  
  
The outpost will support further research into the Thargoids, focusing specifically on the possibility of inter-species communication.  
  
A spokesperson for Cobra Wing gave the following statement:  
  
“Without communication, there can be no understanding. Without understanding, there can be no peace. We ask the galactic community to support this campaign, which will support new research into the Thargoids and their methods of communication.”  
  
In support of this goal, Cobra Wing has placed an open order for various commodities, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Morris Enterprise in the Ebor system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing commodities to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 12th July 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Unrest on the Frontier  
  
3301-05-14   
  
New reports from the frontier suggest that a horde of militant nomads is currently sweeping their way through the Pegasi Sector. The group, who call themselves the Kumo Crew, are led by the vicious Warlord Archon Delaine.  
  
A talented tactician, and a brutal fighter, Archon famously assumed leadership of the Kumo Crew at the tender age of 15 after violently beating the previous leader to death during a clan moot.   
  
So far, the Kumo Crew have shown no interest in taking direct control over any of the regions they’ve plundered. Instead, they’ve taken to sending regular raiding parties to collect tithes on behalf of the Crew. Systems who agree to their demands are spared, while those who refuse are burnt to the ground.  
  
All attempts to stop the spread of the crew throughout the Pegasi Sector have so far met with failure. The Kumo Crew are described as being well armed, psychotic and thus extremely dangerous.  
  
# Community Goal: Ishmael Palin Launches Appeal  
  
3302-05-12   
  
Last month, Professor Ishmael Palin announced his intention to retire from The Palin Institute, the research organisation he founded in 3301. In a statement, the professor indicated that he would relocate to a small research centre on Maia A 3 a, where he would continue investigating the Unknown Artefacts and meta-alloys. Now, the professor has issued a further statement, announcing that he has placed an open order for building fabricators for the construction of the new outpost.  
  
"The galactic community has given me considerable support over the past few months – even going so far as to rescue me and my team from pirates in the Orulas system – and I would very much like for them to be part of this initiative. The new research centre will be relatively modest, but there is still a need for materials. I can promise that pilots who deliver the necessary supplies will be generously compensated!  
  
The Defence Party of Nespeleve, which is coordinating the effort on behalf of Professor Palin, has promised to reward pilots who deliver building fabricators to Wilkes Orbital in the Nespeleve system. The organisation has also promised to reward Commanders who eliminate hostiles operating in the system, to ensure those delivering building fabricators can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 12th of May 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: The Path to Colonia  
  
3303-08-25   
  
The Kamadhenu Chapterhouse of Inquisition has announced plans to establish a series of starports between the core systems and Colonia to make the daunting voyage a little easier. A total of three starports have been planned, which the Chapterhouse hopes will expedite the creation of a freight and passenger service known as the Blue Star Line.  
  
The Chapterhouse has placed an open order for gold, robotics and auto-fabricators for the first of these starports, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Shajn Market in the Kamadhenu system. System authorities have also pledged to issue generous rewards for Chapterhouse-issued bounties, to ensure safe delivery of goods to the starport.  
  
Announcing the campaign, Governor Shelby Ortega said:  
  
“The growth of Colonia has been astounding, but its continued success depends on developing more substantive infrastructure. Having received the blessing of the Colonia Council, the Chapterhouse of Inquisition intends to realise a vision of trans-galactic commerce that will benefit all of humanity.”  
  
The first phase of the campaign begins on the 24th of August 3303. The second phase begins on the 31st of August, and the final phase begins on the 7th of September. All three phases will run for one week unless targets are met earlier than planned.  
  
# Didiomanja Emperor’s Grace Academy Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-07-12   
  
The Didiomanja Emperor’s Grace Academy has announced that its initiative has reached a successful conclusion. Large quantities of exotic food and drink, and mined resources, were delivered to Leydenfrost Dock over the past week, allowing the organisation to host a sumptuous banquet and construct a monument in honour of Admiral Mira Tiverion.  
  
A spokesperson for the Didiomanja Emperor’s Grace Academy released the following statement:  
  
“That was a banquet fit for an emperor. The food was sumptuous, the drink exquisite, and the revelry went on well into the early hours. I am certain Admiral Tiverion would have approved.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Leydenfrost Dock, in the Didiomanja system.  
  
# 78 Ursae Majoris Increases Security Ahead of Presidential Visit  
  
3301-05-15   
  
Excitement is in the air in 78 Ursae Majoris, as millions of residents have begun preparing Seddon Gateway for the arrival of Federal President Jasmina Halsey. The exact date of the President’s arrival has yet to be announced, but residents haven’t let that stop them from arranging a week of festivities and cultural displays aboard the station.  
  
Another group preparing for the President’s visit is the Alioth Independents, who have today announced that they will be launching an initiative to increase security in the local cluster ahead of President Halsey’s visit.  
  
Andrew Bailey, the Mayor of Townsend Hub and local leader of the Alioth Independents had this to say about the new initiative:  
  
“We are very conscious that once President Halsey arrives, the whole galaxy will have its eyes on our little system. 78 Ursae Majoris has been nothing but peaceful and productive since electing to join the Alliance and the Alioth Independents will do everything in our power to ensure it remains that way throughout the President’s visit.”  
  
“Firstly, we will be running a cluster wide security campaign from Townsend Hub. As part of which, agents of the Alioth Independents will be offering a range of bonuses to bounty hunters who help clear out any unruly criminal elements in the sector.”  
  
“Secondly, members of the Alioth Independents and our allies will be launching a military campaign to finally rid the cluster of the criminal cartel known as the Sobek Boys. Military capable Commanders interested in assisting with the campaign can likewise signup for active duty aboard Townsend Hub.”  
  
# Galactic News: Jaques to Embark for Beagle Point  
  
3302-05-12   
  
A spokesperson for The Fuel Rats named Mischief has announced that Jaques Station has received sufficient quantities of fuel to complete the proposed jump to Beagle Point.   
  
Jaques, the starport's owner and operator, confirmed that the station received hundreds of thousands of tonnes of fuel over the course of the week-long campaign. In a statement, the cyborg expressed his pleasure at the initiative's success.  
  
"It's a terrific response, it really is. We haven't even set off yet and already I'm excited! Obviously there's lots of prep to be done – we can't just go leaping into the black – but we should be ready pretty soon.  
  
Jaques Station is expected to depart for Beagle Point in the next few days.  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-08-25   
  
Secoya Emperor's Grace has announced that its appeal for luxury goods has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal by delivering commodities to Joy Port for this year’s Sigma Summit, a conference attended by some of the Empire’s most powerful individuals.  
  
Censure of the event failed to deter traders or intimidate this year’s guest of honour, Imperial Senator Zemina Torval, who responded to criticism by saying simply “The Summit is an institution.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Joy Port in the Secoya system.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Search for Lottery Winner  
  
3304-07-13   
  
An appeal has been launched to find the owner of a lottery ticket worth one billion credits.  
  
The Federal Grand Lottery is the largest of its kind, regularly handing out millions of credits. The Grand Lottery also funds a wide range of social and infrastructure projects in Federation systems.  
  
The annual Galactic Jackpot is by far the most popular lottery game, but on this occasion the winner has yet to make a claim. Purchase of the winning ticket has been confirmed, but no data is available as to who bought the ticket or when.  
  
Tori Theopolis, a spokesperson for the Federal Grand Lottery, told the media:  
  
“Someone out there is rich beyond his or her wildest dreams – they just don’t know it yet. We’re keen to find this lucky individual so we can hand over their winnings. We ask all citizens to check with any lottery players they know. Your soon-to-be-billionaire friend or relative might be very grateful for your help!”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Upgrade of Parkinson Dock Complete  
  
3301-05-16   
  
After two weeks of frantic construction, which saw close to 70,000 engineers working around the clock to get the project finished in time, Parkinson Dock is now home to some of the most advanced factories in the entire Empire.   
  
The upgrade was completed as part of Senator Patreus’s plan to increase economic opportunities for the residents of his home system. 2,267 Commanders helped ship a total of 8,274,504 tonnes of industrial materials to Parkinson Dock, all of which were put to good use during the construction effort.  
  
In particular, the Eotienses Citizens’ Forum would like to honour Viscount Plo Koon, Baron Coiling Dragon, Earl Prawnetto, Earl Morton and Baron Kosmetas for their assistance in refitting Parkinson Dock in preparation for its new role as a dedicated research and development hub for new military technologies.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored in Kaal  
  
3303-08-25   
  
The Kuk Silver Fortune Company has announced that its campaign to clear the Kaal system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Authorities in the Kaal system have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Vercors Station in the Kaal system.  
  
# Details of Aisling Duval’s Wedding Announced  
  
3304-07-13   
  
The wedding of Princess Aisling Duval and Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester is now in the advanced planning stages, and a date has been confirmed for the ceremony.  
  
An official proclamation was printed in both The Federal Times and The Imperial Herald:  
  
“Her Imperial Highness Princess Aisling Duval and the honourable Ambassador Jordan Rochester are pleased to announce the occasion of their wedding on Saturday 25th August 3304 at the Imperial Palace on Emerald in the Ciemess system.”  
  
“Invitations have been extended to representatives of every strata of society. An honour guard of vessels from both the Federal Navy and the Imperial Navy will be in attendance. The couple’s wish is for all citizens of the galaxy to join together in celebration of their union.”  
  
There has been criticism of Princess Duval’s choice of husband, with some Imperial citizens voicing dismay at the forthcoming nuptials. Senator Zemina Torval continued to publicly air her disapproval:  
  
“This is nothing but a PR exercise, designed purely for political and financial gain. The princess should not be undermining the Empire’s policies for her own personal benefit.”  
  
But there is equal support for what many consider a genuine romance. Former Federal President Jasmina Halsey, now acting as an advisor to the Alliance, stated:  
  
“I am very enthusiastic about the opportunities for peace that this marriage will bring. This relationship symbolises a new era of amity that will benefit all of humanity.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Bentonio's Request Rebuffed  
  
3302-05-13   
  
Arlo Cortez, a member of Jasmina Halsey's personal staff, has responded to a recent statement from Ricardo Bentonio, the notorious conspiracy theorist. In an official press release, Cortez said:  
  
"The suggestion that Jasmina has been somehow 'silenced' by oppressive governmental powers is patently ridiculous. The decision to admit Jasmina to the Clearwater Clinic was made by her friends and family. No one else was involved.  
  
Cortez also said that Bentonio's request to meet with Halsey would not be granted:  
  
"Our paramount concern is that Jasmina receive the care and attention she needs. She will not be meeting with members of the press, representatives of the Federation, or crackpot conspiracy theorists.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Sol Unplugged?  
  
3301-05-16   
  
For the first time in almost a decade, Utopixx Entertainment, the subsidiary of Reynhardt Intellisys responsible for some of the top virtual reality experiences in the galaxy, has posted an operating loss of almost 5,000,000,000,000 credits.  
  
Investors were shocked by the news, which saw Reynhardt Intellisys shares drop by almost 14%.  
  
Reynhardt Intellisys has issued the following statement in an attempt to explain the drastic change in profits:  
  
“Overall, uptake of Utopixx products in Independent, Alliance and Imperial markets remains strong. We continue to see a yearly growth rate of between 1 and 2% per sector, which in many cases means that we are exceeding our targets.”  
  
“The losses posted for this year are partly due to the construction of a completely new and extremely exciting line of VR-Streams, which includes the latest instalment in the popular CQC franchise.”  
  
“In-sim purchases within Federal markets have fallen below expected levels, but an analysis of the market suggests that such losses are part of a general downward trend that appears to be affecting a wide range of media companies operating in Federal systems. The cause of this drop-off in purchases remains unclear at this time.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Looking for Peace, or War?  
  
3302-05-13   
  
Dr Derthek, a founding member of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, has embarked on an ambitious project to map NGC 6357, also known as the War and Peace Nebula, in its entirety.  
  
Before departing, Dr Derthek gave a brief interview explaining his motivation:  
  
"I've examined the Unknown Artefacts, I've seen the barnacles, I've even completed a circumnavigation of the galaxy. But the estimated 13,000 systems of NGC 6357 have always fascinated me. It's one of the most prominent sites of massive-star formation close to the bubble.  
  
"I think there's something out there, although I don't know what. But it'll be my home until my ship, the RSV Canonn, has visited every single system. I might find more barnacles, more UAs, or something entirely new. Who knows?  
  
Hundreds of fellow scientists have sent messages of support, and Universal Cartographics is understood to be eagerly awaiting Derthek's return.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Galactic News: The Thargoid Situation  
  
3303-08-26   
  
Although the first hints of the Thargoid presence began with the discovery of Unknown Artefacts in 3301, the current chapter in the Thargoid story started last year with the discovery of alien shipwrecks in the Pleiades Nebula. A few months later, in January 3303, the first interdiction from a Thargoid ship was reported.  
  
In May, accounts surfaced of attacks in the Maia system against Federal vessels. Eyewitnesses claimed to have seen Thargoid ships at the sites, but the Federation refused to comment on the possibility of Thargoid involvement.  
  
A key discovery was made a few weeks later, when massive Thargoid structures were found in a number of systems. Several of these structures were discovered to contain functional Thargoid technology.  
  
With events unfolding at such a rapid pace, the superpowers have struggled to formulate appropriate responses. But the creation of Aegis, a joint-superpower initiative designed to coordinate research into the Thargoids, suggests that the galaxy’s leaders are now taking steps to address the situation.  
  
Professor Cora Shaw, director of the Palin Institute, offered the following assessment:  
  
“We are faced with a number of pressing questions. Why have the Thargoids entered human space? Can we communicate with them? Are they hostile? Hopefully Aegis can provide us with some answers.”  
  
Meanwhile, in an article for the Imperial Herald, journalist Kelvin Masters gave a more frank analysis:  
  
“The barnacles seem to indicate that the Thargoids were in Maia and Merope long before we were. For all we know, humanity has expanded into what the Thargoids see as their territory. I have no interest in scaremongering, but my belief is that a Thargoid attack could be imminent – their behaviour certainly seems to suggest they are probing us for weaknesses.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-07-14   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Admiral George Varma of the Alliance Council of Admirals has been arrested by the taskforce investigating terrorist organisation the League of Reparation. Admiral Varma stands accused of redirecting cargo shipments from the Alliance Defence Force to terrorist cells. It is thought that Varma is the organisation’s coordinator, operating under the alias Nexus.  
  
The Church of Eternal Void has declared war on the so-called Far God cult, which worships the Thargoids. The announcement has prompted a dramatic upswing in support for the Church, but security forces have issued reminders that the Far God sect is recognised as a religion, and that any hostility against its members would be considered a criminal act.   
  
A date has been set for the wedding of Princess Aisling Duval and Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester. Senator Zemina Torval remains a vocal critic of the marriage, but Former Federal President Jasmina Halsey has expressed enthusiasm for the union.  
  
In other news, an appeal has been launched to find the owner of a lottery ticket worth one billion credits. The annual Galactic Jackpot is by far the most popular lottery game, but on this occasion the winner has yet to make a claim. Purchase of the winning ticket has been confirmed, but no data is available as to who bought the ticket or when.  
  
Cobra Wing, an independent organisation based in Ebor, has launched an initiative to build a new research outpost in the system. The outpost will support further research into the Thargoids, focusing specifically on the possibility of inter-species communication.  
  
Finally, Didiomanja Emperor's Grace has announced that its initiative has reached a successful conclusion. Large quantities of exotic food and drink, and mined resources, were delivered to Leydenfrost Dock over the past week, allowing the organisation to host a sumptuous banquet and construct a monument in honour of Admiral Mira Tiverion.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Federation Accused of Cover-up  
  
3301-05-17   
  
Despite pleas for information from the Scientific cross-faction coalition, the Federal Authorities remain tight lipped. According to sources close to Dr. Arcanonn and his team, Halsey's government have refused to even acknowledge that Federation ships have been transporting the artefacts through populated space, despite mounting evidence. The authorities have also been accused of providing the scientist with nothing more than cryptic responses designed to stall their investigations.  
  
Dr. Arcanonn is quoted as saying: "This information blackout is outrageous, they have to understand that they have no right to withhold this information. I would ask all humans, no matter their allegiance, to contemplate the existence of these objects and their meaning. I would also ask them to contemplate why the other major powers are not so much as passing the slightest comment on this. What are they hiding?  
  
"Some members of our community are done with waiting to be fed lies, simply to allow the Federation to perhaps continue to acquire some perceived military advantage. If no information is forthcoming immediately I cannot be held responsible for the consequences.  
  
When asked to clarify exactly what this implied, Dr. Arcanonn declined to comment further.  
  
In a possibly related development reports suggest some Federation convoys are being shadowed by groups of unidentified combat ships.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-08-30   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
Heng Ring, Malanges  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Gordon Plant, Tollan  
  
Reiter City, Oppi  
  
# Galactic News: Felicia Winters Comments on Halsey's Committal  
  
3302-05-14   
  
At a recent event at the Mars Business Society, Federal Shadow President Felicia Winters responded to a question concerning the hospitalisation of former Federal president Jasmina Halsey:  
  
"It was clear from the outset that she'd experienced a traumatic event, and that it impacted her psychologically as well as physically. I hope she receives the treatment she needs.  
  
When asked about Halsey's alleged mystical experiences, Winters replied:  
  
"Frankly, I find the question distasteful. She has undergone a harrowing experience – an experience that would have affected even the strongest of us – and drawing attention to her so-called 'visions' is counterproductive to restoring her mental health.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-07-15   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Admiral George Varma of the Alliance Council of Admirals has been arrested by the taskforce investigating terrorist organisation the League of Reparation. Admiral Varma stands accused of redirecting cargo shipments from the Alliance Defence Force to terrorist cells. It is thought that Varma is the organisation’s coordinator, operating under the alias Nexus.  
  
The Church of Eternal Void has declared war on the so-called Far God cult, which worships the Thargoids. The announcement has prompted a dramatic upswing in support for the Church, but security forces have issued reminders that the Far God sect is recognised as a religion, and that any hostility against its members would be considered a criminal act.   
  
A date has been set for the wedding of Princess Aisling Duval and Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester. Senator Zemina Torval remains a vocal critic of the marriage, but Former Federal President Jasmina Halsey has expressed enthusiasm for the union.  
  
In other news, an appeal has been launched to find the owner of a lottery ticket worth one billion credits. The annual Galactic Jackpot is by far the most popular lottery game, but on this occasion the winner has yet to make a claim. Purchase of the winning ticket has been confirmed, but no data is available as to who bought the ticket or when.  
  
Cobra Wing, an independent organisation based in Ebor, has launched an initiative to build a new research outpost in the system. The outpost will support further research into the Thargoids, focusing specifically on the possibility of inter-species communication.  
  
Finally, Didiomanja Emperor's Grace has announced that its initiative has reached a successful conclusion. Large quantities of exotic food and drink, and mined resources, were delivered to Leydenfrost Dock over the past week, allowing the organisation to host a sumptuous banquet and construct a monument in honour of Admiral Mira Tiverion.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Kahina Refuses to Commit to Factions or Future  
  
3301-05-17   
  
Senator Kahina Tijani Loren, currently residing as a guest on Capital at the request of Chancellor Blaine, remains completely ambivalent to inquiries into her intentions. She has airily dismissed questions regarding her purpose or what was said to her at the reception to which she was summoned and continues to ignore requests from the press.  
  
Now there appears to be another name in the frame. Cuthrick Delaney, ambassador to the Prism system, has had a long and varied career within the Empire, first coming to prominence during the events which ended the dictatorship of Dr. Walden on the Old World planet of Lave. His precise involvement in that event was unclear, and he seems to have lost none of his ability to stay close to those with power in the intervening time. He has been seen in conversation with Kahina on many occasions.  
  
There is considerable conjecture as to what stance Kahina will take. Many have stated that her aggressive tendencies will align her to Senator Patreus. Others have pointed out her support for traditional Imperial slavery, and her distant family connection to the Duvals, indicates an allegiance with Senator Torval is more likely  
  
It would appear that only Kahina, and perhaps Cuthrick Delaney, actually know.  
  
In other news, the Senator’s ship was confirmed to have had some significant modifications made to it recently, including a state of the art fuel scoop and a custom built Gutamaya discovery scanner.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Cold War Thawing?  
  
3303-09-01   
  
Following news that scientists from the Alliance, Empire and Federation have united to form a new research initiative, speculation is mounting that the cold war between the Empire and the Federation could be nearing an end.  
  
As the conflict enters its second year, a number of commentators have expressed hope that peace might be in sight. The Imperial Herald’s political correspondent, Daxton Sung, offered the following analysis:  
  
“It’s inevitable that the formation of Aegis would lead to assumptions that the cold war is ending, but unfortunately there’s little evidence to that effect. These are the galaxy’s largest superpowers we’re talking about. The fact that there’s accord among certain sectors doesn’t mean there’s harmony at every level.”  
  
“But what does either side have to gain from maintaining its position? Neither the Empire nor the Federation has demonstrated it can prevent the other from extracting meta-alloys, which is supposedly what this conflict is all about. The only person to have been significantly affected by all this is poor old Professor Palin, who’s still languishing behind a Federal blockade.”  
  
“Frankly, the situation is farcical. I suspect both Arissa Lavigny-Duval and Zachary Hudson know they’re better off calling time on the whole thing, but neither side wants to be seen as ceding to the other. It’s about pride, essentially. Shouldn’t our leaders be above such things?”  
  
Neither Federal nor Imperial sources elected to comment.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Protesters Petition for Halsey's Freedom  
  
3302-05-14   
  
One year ago today, Federal President Jasmina Halsey and Vice-President Ethan Naylor embarked on a tour of Federation frontier systems. Two weeks later, Starship One was declared missing with all hands. Despite initial assessments that the ship would never be found, the remains of the vessel were located and a handful of survivors recovered, including former president Halsey.  
  
Although Halsey had many political opponents, she also had many supporters. Some of these supporters have assembled outside the psychiatric facility on Mars where Halsey is currently located, waving signs and chanting various slogans, seeking her release.  
  
Rachel Young, one of the most vociferous of the former president's supporters, made this statement to on-site reporters:  
  
"President Halsey worked hard for the Federation. She deserves to be with her family. She deserves the respect and protection any former president is entitled to, not to be locked up in the funny farm.  
  
Federal law enforcement is monitoring the protest to ensure it remains peaceful.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
# An Interview with Aisling Duval  
  
3304-07-18   
  
Princess Aisling Duval has discussed her forthcoming marriage in an exclusive interview with entertainment journalist Solomon Helios.  
  
The princess spoke openly about many topics, including the impact of her announcement:  
  
“I was as surprised as everyone else! After the ball for the Federal delegation, things moved very quickly. Perhaps I should have been more patient, but I wanted people to know my intentions as soon as possible.”  
  
On her relationship with Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester, she said:  
  
“I had met Jordan a few times at diplomatic events, and we always got on well. He’s much warmer and funnier than one would expect an ambassador to be. I don’t know how I managed without him for so long.”  
  
She also tackled criticism from Senator Zemina Torval, among others:  
  
“Any negativity around this wedding is based on prejudice and fear. Shouldn’t we all be free to love whomever we wish? Maybe if Zemina was capable of such an emotion, she might understand.”  
  
Regarding the future, Princess Duval revealed:  
  
“Jordan and I see this marriage as an opportunity for change. Imagine a galaxy where both superpowers work hand in hand, and support each other in times of hardship. Now that’s a true marriage.”  
  
Solomon Helios concluded the interview with this comment:  
  
“I’d like to sincerely thank Her Imperial Highness for speaking to us, and I’m especially happy to have received an invitation to the wedding of the century! I’ll be reporting on every detail of this historic union in weeks to come.”  
  
# Soontill Relics Test Results Queried  
  
3301-05-18   
  
As further alien artefacts claiming to be from Soontill are being sold on the open market, the results of the initial scientific tests have been revealed.  
  
“We were looking for key markers,” explains Chief Xeno-Chemist Lyran Betar. “Elemental make up, crystalline structure, anything that indicates it could have originated from human hand.”  
  
And the results? Inconclusive. The research team’s results clearly state that no known human technology could have created the relics, yet they do not quite align with known Thargoid materials. Whatever they are, they are indeed very old, with isotopic dating indicating that they could well be tens of thousands of years old.  
  
Jean Molyneaux, a historian from France, Earth, suggests we look back at our own past to determine the home of these relics. “Imagine an alien travelling back two thousand years into mankind’s past. The varied culture, arts and building materials of the Aztecs, Greeks, the Shang dynasty, what have you, the alien could think they were all different species, if that was his way of thinking…”  
  
The community seems wary of awarding these artefacts any title yet, given the fifty years of false hopes since Soontill was first mentioned by the Thargoids. However, reports indicate that these relics have now arrived at labs on both Mars and Capitol for further testing, and with any luck, we may soon finally agree on what these relics are, or are not.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-09-05   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Gordon Plant, Tollan  
  
Reiter City, Oppi  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Suri Gateway, Vesuvit  
  
# Freelance Report: Distant Worlds Flagship Anticipates Jaques' Arrival  
  
3302-05-14   
  
Preparations are underway for the Distant Worlds Expedition gala at Skvortsov Orbital, but one explorer will be unable to attend: Commander Olivia Vespera, pilot of the expedition's fleet flagship, a Type-9 named Zombie Wasp IV.  
  
At the time of writing, Commander Vespera is still at Beagle Point, prospecting for the necessary materials to synthesize 'jumponium', a colloquial moniker given by explorers to frame-shift-drive injection. Without it, Vespera will be unable to return home.  
  
But Commander Vespera is unconcerned – in fact, she's jubilant.  
  
"I got a message saying that Jaques Station is coming to Beagle Point. I might actually be the first to meet him here!  
  
Lisbeth Moore  
  
# Identity of Nexus Confirmed  
  
3304-07-18   
  
Deputy Inspector Mara Klatt of Alliance Interpol has broken her silence regarding the League of Reparation.  
  
At a special press conference, she made this announcement:  
  
“Prior to her death at the hands of the League of Reparation, I worked closely with my predecessor Chief Inspector Kay Kilbride. She revealed how Fleet Admiral Buchanan’s assassination could only have been arranged by a senior figure within the Alliance Defence Force. She was patiently amassing evidence pertaining to this – a task that I inherited when she died.”  
  
“Information decrypted from the League’s comms network has confirmed Kilbride’s suspicions. I can also confirm that the arrest of Admiral George Varma was due to false leads – misdirection on the part of Varma’s protégé within the Alliance Defence Force, Rear Admiral Riri McAllister.”  
  
“Rear Admiral McAllister is Nexus, the League’s central coordinator. She has now been arrested and formally charged with conspiracy to commit terrorism. We have released Admiral Varma with our apologies.”  
  
“The decrypted data has also revealed the location of two major League enclaves. The taskforce is organising an operation to eradicate these groups, which we hope will be supported by the galactic community.”  
  
Council Member Jed Trager was also present at the conference, and remarked:  
  
“We all owe a debt of gratitude to Inspector Klatt and the late Chief Inspector Kilbride. Thanks to their dedication, Nexus has at last been unmasked. Hopefully this marks the end of the League’s reign of terror.”  
  
# Quivira Honours the People’s Princess  
  
3301-05-19   
  
Over the last week, Imperial forces loyal to Senator Patreus continued their assault on Quivira, and due to their efforts, Quivira Electronics Plc was finally able to secure control over Godel Dock early on Monday afternoon.  
  
Despite being abandoned by their supposed saviours, the People’s Quivira for Equality Party were able to find some small respite from the war in the Summerlands. Thanks to the efforts of Aisling Duval and her ‘angels’, refugees from the People’s Quivira for Equality Party found themselves well cared for in the Summerlands, even as their counterparts in Persephone and Quivira continued to suffer.  
  
Now that the war is over, the People’s Quivira for Equality Party has elected to pledge itself to Aisling’s service. In recognition of that fact, Senator Patreus has promised that only residents of Quivira who have directly broken Imperial law will be held responsible for the debt incurred by the previous administration. Members of the People’s Quivira for Equality Party who have sworn themselves to Aisling are expected to start returning to their homes over the next few days.  
  
# Freelance Report: Puritanical Organisation Targets Traders  
  
3302-05-17   
  
Earlier this week, private security firm the Diamond Frogs issued a request for liquor and other legal narcotics to be delivered to Skvortsov Orbital in 63 G. Capricorni for a massive party celebrating the success of the Distant Worlds Expedition. Independent traders throughout civilized space have responded enthusiastically to the appeal, but it would appear not everyone wants to share in the festivities.  
  
Recent reports indicate that an extremist temperance organisation from the nearby system of Eravate has been interdicting and destroying merchants attempting to deliver legal intoxicants to Skvortsov Orbital. Although only minor casualties have been reported, representatives from the Diamond Frogs have expressed concern about the social unrest in Eravate spilling over into neighbouring sectors.  
  
Commander Paramemetic, the Diamond Frogs' chief logistics officer, said that the security firm would take steps to ensure the safety of traders making deliveries. "It's a shame these puritanical troublemakers are trying to steal the spotlight from the explorers," he said, "but we'll make sure they don't interfere with the celebrations.  
  
'Disc' Commander Felix Dyson, Radio Skvortsov  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-09-06   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Unexploded Nuclear Missile Discovered  
  
3304-07-19   
  
A thermonuclear weapon, launched over a thousand years ago during Earth’s Third World War, has been discovered.   
  
The intercontinental ballistic missile was found beneath the Pacific Ocean, during construction of new undersea habitation off the coast of California.   
  
Lieutenant Commander Page Patterson, a munitions-disposal specialist for the Federal Navy, gave this statement:  
  
“The missile was partially embedded in the ocean floor when aqua-engineering teams found it. Erosion of the casing makes identification difficult, but the design is consistent with strategic ordnance of the mid-21st century. Its thermonuclear warhead would have had an explosive yield of 45 megatons.”  
  
“Robotic avatar units have successfully disarmed the missile’s uranium core, so the risk to local populations has been nullified. We are now treating the area for radiation leakage. The remains of the missile will be scrapped.”  
  
Dr Imogen Ryang, a historian specialising in Earth conflicts, observed:  
  
“A variety of relics from World War III, which took place between 2044 and 2055, have been found over the centuries. All nuclear exchanges between nation states were thought to be well documented, so this discovery comes as quite a shock.”  
  
“Although the missile’s origin remains a mystery, its location near the western seaboard suggests two possibilities. Either it was a failed launch from a silo in the United States, or it was an inbound enemy missile that failed to reach its target. In the latter case, it was likely disabled by the USA's defensive laser grid, which combined ground turrets with armed satellites. This was how America avoided a nuclear detonation on its soil during the war, unlike most other continents on Earth.”  
  
## Nuke  
  
# Quivirans Defy Doom  
  
3301-05-19   
  
The war-torn region of Quivira has finally settled into an uneasy peace, following an intense period of fighting which saw hundreds of thousands dead and several billion credits worth of damage done to the local economy.  
  
Initially the situation looked promising for the People’s Quivira for Equality Party. Independent and Federal Commanders flocked from all across the galaxy in an attempt to repel Senator Denton Patreus’s attempts to extract the debts owed to him by the Quiviran government. Early attempts at repelling the Senator’s mercenary forces proved to be a success, and the freedom fighters were able to buy enough time for the People’s Quivira for Equality Party to evacuate a great many innocent civilians to neighbouring systems.  
  
Unfortunately, once the Party’s credits ran out, so too did the support of Independent and Federal pilots.  
  
# Galactic News: Voices of Dissent  
  
3303-09-07   
  
Reports that the Federal–Imperial cold war could soon end have resulted in jubilation in many parts of the galaxy.  
  
While the impact of the conflict has been relatively modest, many thousands of galactic citizens have nevertheless been disrupted. But as talk of a truce gains ground, anonymous sources have reported that influential Imperials have questioned the wisdom of withdrawing from the Pleiades.  
  
Daxton Sung of the Imperial Herald said:  
  
“Can the Federation be trusted? That’s the question the Empire is asking. Assuming both sides agree to withdraw, the Empire is worried that the Federation will renege on the deal. But such heel-dragging is to be expected. The fact is that there’s a real desire, on both sides of the fence, to end this ridiculous conflict.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-05-18   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Cobra Wing Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-07-19   
  
A spokesperson for the Cobra Wing has announced that its campaign to build a research outpost in the Ebor system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Scores of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Morris Enterprise and eliminating agitators in Ebor, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
A spokesperson for the Cobra Wing released the following statement:  
  
“We want to thank all the Commanders who supported this campaign. We hope that the new outpost helps us communicate with our neighbours and achieve peace.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Morris Enterprise in the Ebor system.  
  
# Anti-Federation Terrorists Linked to Artefact Research  
  
3301-05-20   
  
Over the course of the weekend hundreds of tons of Bio-Waste were dumped in and around stations in 78 Ursae Majoris. This system is currently undergoing preparations for President Halsey's arrival as part of her planned grand tour. A group calling themselves 'The Canonn' claims responsibility for this act.   
  
An anonymous spokesperson told GalNet that they are "a movement of like-minded Commanders seeking the truth about the recently discovered 'Unknown Artefacts'." They state that they are "prepared to use whatever levers are at their disposal to increase the political pressure on the Federation government to force them to come clean." The spokesperson echoed growing fears that the artefacts could be some new weapon of mass destruction.  
  
Parallels were immediately drawn to Dr. Arcanonn and his recent demands to the Federation government following research into the Unknown Artefacts discovered to be transported in Federation convoys. We asked Arcanonn if he was connected to this terrorist group. He denied any responsibility for the group's actions but declined to answer any further questions on the subject of his potential involvement.  
  
However he did go on to say:  
  
"It is clear that we are not the only ones who are growing tired of the Federation's cover-up over these artefacts and some Commanders would seem to be taking more direct action. Obviously, I do not condone such methods but I can certainly sympathise with their frustration.  
  
"In the spirit of seeking to put an end to these disruptive acts I urge all citizens, Federation, Alliance and Empire alike, to petition your government to make public any information that they have on the origin and nature of these objects before these demonstrations escalate. I also appeal to Chief Xeno-Chemist Lyran Betar to contact me so that we can pool our resources and research into these potentially related items, in the search for answers for the common good of all humanity.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Blockade Ends  
  
3303-09-08   
  
In October last year, the Federation was criticised for positioning a Farragut-class Battlecruiser above Maia A 3 a, not far from the personal research base of Professor Ishmael Palin.  
  
The deployment, which came only days after Professor Palin announced a breakthrough in his research into meta-alloys, was widely interpreted as an attempt to restrict Palin’s movement and curtail his research.  
  
The condemnation of rival political powers and the efforts of a number of political campaigners did little to affect the blockade. But recent reports from Maia indicate that the Federal ships have now withdrawn, effectively ending the cordon of Maia A 3 a. Rici Stewart, writing for The Imperial Herald, offering the following evaluation:  
  
“The Federation knows that blockading Professor Palin was – at best – unethical, so I’m not surprised they chose not to comment on their withdrawal. They just slipped away in the night.”  
  
“As with their efforts to control meta-alloys, the Federation’s attempts to restrict access to Palin’s base were far from successful. I guess the Federation has realised it can’t control the galaxy. If you ask me, this is another sign that the Federal-Imperial cold war could be coming to an end.”  
  
Naturally, Professor Palin was pleased with the development:  
  
“We may never know exactly why the Federation blockaded Maia A 3 a. Frankly the galaxy’s superpowers have always been rather incomprehensible to me. All I can say is: I’m glad they’re gone.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Pilot Breaks Galactic Record Twice  
  
3301-05-22   
  
The accomplishments of independent pilots participating in the Buckyball Run A* rally race continue to make headlines around civilized space. This 26,000 light year rally race to the supermassive black hole at the centre of our galaxy has so far attracted over 40 fearless competitors. One of these competitors, Commander Alot, has made a name for himself by beating the galactic record for the quickest run twice in less than a month.   
  
Alot’s current time to reach Sagittarius A*, an incredible 9 hours 39 minutes, was accomplished aboard a Faulcon DeLacy Anaconda named ‘Rhonda’. In comparison, his previous record-breaking attempt was done in 11 hours 46 minutes using a Lakon Spaceways Asp called the ‘Big Bird’.   
  
When asked for a statement, Alot answered philosophically:   
  
“Nothing lasts forever. I'm quite sure that in time my record will be beaten. In fact, I've already heard of several skilled pilots planning their next attempts, and I wish them the best of luck.”  
  
At the time of broadcast, Commander Kligg has already taken the lead, passing Commander Alot by a mere 8 minutes, using an Anaconda named the ‘Rub Tub’. However, Kligg himself speculated in a short statement that it was only a matter of time before Alot climbs back to the first position.  
  
Léonard Chamberlain - GalNet News Correspondent  
  
# Galactic News: Tantalum Appeal Comes to an End  
  
3302-05-19   
  
A spokesperson for the Wyrd Raiders has announced that its campaign for tantalum has been warmly received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Gareth Edwards Park, the organisation's base of operations. In a succinct statement, the spokesperson thanked those who supported the campaign.  
  
"We are very grateful to the many independent pilots who helped us fulfil our commercial obligations. The tantalum will now be delivered to our various partners.  
  
Since the campaign began, rumours have persisted that the tantalum was destined for a group of independent engineers. The Wyrd Raiders declined to comment on the matter, citing a need to maintain their partners' privacy.  
  
# Hunt the League of Reparation  
  
3304-07-19   
  
A tri-superpower taskforce has launched a campaign to track down and eliminate members of terrorist group, the League of Reparation.  
  
Captain Niamh Seutonia of the IISS, who is a prominent member of the taskforce, made this announcement:  
  
“With the arrest of Riri McAllister, otherwise known as Nexus, we now hold the main coordinator of the League of Reparation in custody. Furthermore, decrypted information has revealed the location of League strongholds in two separate systems, one in Imperial and one in Federal space.”  
  
“We are determined to eliminate these terrorists before they can wreak any more havoc, but fully expect tough resistance. Therefore we ask the galactic community to provide support in wiping out these dangerous extremists.”  
  
The operation in Zibal will be coordinated by Zibal Power Co. Likewise, military action in Ienpalang will be supported by Ienpalang Corporation.  
  
The campaign begins on the 19th of July 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-09-12   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Litke Mines, Wolfberg  
  
Vlaicu Terminal, HIP 115917  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-07-19   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Riebe Enterprise, Checha  
  
Singer Orbital, Matsya  
  
Stabenow Survey, Cerno  
  
Vaucouleurs Vision, Veroklist  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Sturckow Port, SPOCS 253  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Auld Silo, Checha  
  
Darnielle Gateway, Adju  
  
Farmer Laboratory, Ling Deti  
  
Gaensler Dock, Venexo  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Kneale Survey, Manite  
  
Nagata Vision, Gally Bese  
  
Pinzon Orbital, Manite  
  
Rennie Hub, Yorua  
  
Russ Landing, Segon  
  
Stabenow Reformatory, Peregrina  
  
Weber Dock, Meene  
  
Young Station, Ling Deti  
  
# Galactic News: Palin's Appeal Concludes  
  
3302-05-19   
  
The Defence Party of Nespeleve has announced that Professor Ishmael Palin's appeal for building fabricators has been positively received by the galactic community. Large quantities of the equipment have been delivered to Wilkes Orbital over the past week for the construction of a new research outpost on Maia A 3 a. In a statement, Professor Palin extended his gratitude to those who supported the campaign:  
  
"I am extremely grateful to all the pilots who contributed to this initiative. Now that the necessary materials are in place, I will begin preparing for the next phase of the project. There is still much to be done before I am ready to depart for Maia A 3 a, but with luck it will not take long.  
  
"Of course, I don't intend to spend all my time on Maia A 3 a studying Unknown Artefacts – I have always enjoyed tinkering with starships, and I plan to spend some time doing just that!  
  
Professor Palin is expected to depart for Maia A 3 a within the week.  
  
# Aisling Opens Art Installation on Emerald  
  
3301-05-22   
  
The People’s Princess made an appearance in Cemiess late last night to attend the opening of Emerald’s newest art installation, ‘Prism’s Shades’, a multi-sensory experience that uses experimental light and sound projection technology to stimulate a series of empathic responses from its audience.  
  
Aisling dazzled crowds by dressing in a long-sleeved ruby red evening gown, adorned with painite sparkles. She accessorised with an equally stunning tinted visor, fashionably stamped with Aisling’s personal crest.  
  
Surprisingly, the people’s princess only stayed at the installation for a little over an hour. Aisling left the show long before midnight, citing exhaustion from her recent activities in the Summerlands as the reason behind her early exit.  
  
# Community Goal: Battle Royale  
  
3302-05-19   
  
Don Antonaci, leader of the pirate organisation Wolf 359, has called on the galaxy's pirates to assemble for a faceoff against the Hutton Orbital Truckers and their allies. The pirate has proposed an 'anything goes' battle royale in the Wyrd system.  
  
Minelayers, thermal weapons, torpedo boats, long-range sniper ships – Antonaci is asking participants to bring their most devastating equipment to the ice rings, and to destroy any truckers they encounter. The truckers, meanwhile, have promised to send their finest to oppose Antonaci.  
  
The two parties have agreed that the pirates will fly Fer-De-Lances, Cobras, Vipers and Eagles, while the truckers will pilot Federal Assault Ships, Gunships, Dropships and Vultures. Pilots on both sides have been authorised to target anyone who piloting a larger vessel. Camera crews, which will be flying yellow haulers, are considered off limits.  
  
Antonaci released the following statement:  
  
"Despite my best efforts, these filthy truckers continue to trawl through space. We want all pilots friendly to the Don to help us teach these truckers a lesson. Bring your finest weapons, modules and upgrades, and show your support.  
  
The truckers' only response to Antonaci's challenge was: "Bring it on!  
  
The campaign begins on the 19th of May 3302 and will run for one week. Pilots who support the operation will be generously reimbursed.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3303-09-13   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Far God Cult Attacked  
  
3304-07-19   
  
There has been a spate of violence against the Thargoid-worshipping Far God cult, resulting in dozens of deaths and hundreds of injuries.  
  
Since the Church of Eternal Void declared war against the sect, its members have compelled citizens to attack Far God believers in many systems. Several of the sect’s places of worship have been firebombed.   
  
The Far God cultists have offered no resistance to the aggression, and have even refused to leave burning hive-chapels.  
  
Cardinal Hieronymous, representing the Church of Eternal Void, addressed a large crowd:  
  
“Our loyal followers are performing the Guardians’ righteous work! Those who serve the Thargoid demons are demons themselves, and we must cast them out with fire and fury.”  
  
A vocal campaigner against the Far God sect, Juanita Bishop, told the media:  
  
“It might not be pretty, but what’s happening now is no different to what our brave pilots are doing out there in space – defending their own kind. We will do whatever it takes to protect our children from these monsters.”  
  
Local security forces have been slow to respond to the incidents, and few arrests have been made. Councillor Quinn Damico commented:  
  
“The lack of an immediate clampdown is inexcusable. The Church is inciting criminal acts and persecuting a legally registered religion. I call upon the authorities to bring the full force of the law against any vigilante behaviour.”  
  
# Extraordinary Transmission Contesting Dr Arcanonn  
  
3301-05-23   
  
After recent terrorist activities in 78 Ursae Majoris, GalNet received multiple reports about a single transmission regarding Dr Arcanonn, that has been broadcast via various radio stations throughout known inhabited space simultaneously without their approval.  
  
GalNet was provided with a recording of the audio message:  
  
“It doesn’t matter who I am. My message is clear and simple. You have all been deceived by a charismatic individual calling himself a scientist, full of misled ambitions, going by the name of Dr Arcanonn. He is taking advantage of the picture in your head of him being peaceful and reasonable for the greater good, but your support is being utilized and shamefully exploited. But who am I to trust? What do my words of prudence, my voice of sanity matter?”  
  
“Just look at his last statement, indirectly acknowledging terrorism, clearly showing that he is willing to do everything to achieve his own goals.”  
  
The voice goes on, describing the researcher’s various unsafe attempts to solve the artefact’s secrets and describing the Doctor’s demands for information as a masked attempt to sow the seeds of discord between them. The message closes with a call to stop the group’s support:  
  
“Don’t let yourself be fooled. Open your eyes and see the clear truth unfolded in front of you. I’m asking for your sanity! Don’t let history repeat itself! Remember!”  
  
It is still unknown how the coordinated transmission was achieved, as it presents a serious effort.  
  
The respective station owners are also researching how that broadcast was routed into their programmes and deny any previous knowledge or even support to allow this transmission.  
  
# Community Goal: The Battle for Ho Hsi  
  
3303-09-14   
  
Recent reports indicate that conflict has erupted in the Ho Hsi system between Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited and the Freedom Party of Ho Hsi. System security forces were caught off guard by the violence, which began without warning and has escalated rapidly since then.  
  
Both sides have issued calls for aid, appealing to independent combat pilots for support. Commanders who participate in the conflict will be generously rewarded by their chosen faction.  
  
A representative of system security forces issued the following statement:  
  
“It would be irresponsible of us to encourage independent pilots to join this fight, but if the galactic community can bring this conflict to a swift end, they will have our gratitude.”  
  
The two factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 14th of September 3303.  
  
# Galactic News: Let the Festivities Commence  
  
3302-05-19   
  
The Diamond Frogs have announced that their campaign to bring party supplies to Skvortsov Orbital in the 63 G. Capricorni system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. A huge number of deliveries were made for the explorers' gala, which will celebrate the achievements of the Distant Worlds explorers.  
  
A spokesperson for the Diamond Frogs released a brief statement:  
  
"We knew O'Malligan's would throw a fine party, but we're delighted to have received the support we needed to become the galaxy's number one party spot. Explorers will now spread word of this party to the galactic rim. We couldn't be happier.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Skvortsov Orbital.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-07-22   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
Mara Klatt of Alliance Interpol has announced that Admiral George Varma, who was arrested last week on suspicion of working with terrorist organisation the League of Reparation, was in fact framed by Rear Admiral Riri McAllister. It is now believed that McAllister is Nexus, the League’s central coordinator.  
  
Following this development, information decrypted by a tri-superpower taskforce has revealed the location of League strongholds in two systems – one in Imperial and one in Federal space. A two-pronged operation to destroy these enclaves is now underway.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval has discussed her forthcoming marriage in an interview with Solomon Helios. The princess insisted that any negativity surrounding the wedding was based on prejudice and fear, saying, “Shouldn’t we all be free to love whomever we wish?”  
  
Meanwhile, there has been a spate of violence against the Thargoid-worshipping Far God cult, resulting in dozens of deaths and hundreds of injuries. The Far God cultists have offered no resistance to the aggression. Local security forces have been slow to respond to the incidents, and few arrests have been made.  
  
In other news, a thermonuclear weapon, launched over a thousand years ago during Earth’s Third World War, has been discovered. The intercontinental ballistic missile was found beneath the Pacific Ocean, during construction of new undersea habitation off the coast of California. The missile’s uranium core has been disarmed and the risk to local populations nullified.  
  
Finally, a spokesperson for the Cobra Wing has announced that its campaign to build a research outpost in the Ebor system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Scores of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Morris Enterprise and eliminating agitators in Ebor, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Galactic News: Chapterhouse Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-09-15   
  
A spokesperson for the Kamadhenu Chapterhouse of Inquisition has announced that its plan to establish a series of starports between Colonia and the core systems has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community.  
  
Hundreds of pilots took to their ships to deliver construction materials to Shajn Market over the course of the three-week campaign, allowing the Chapterhouse to achieve its ambitious goals.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, a spokesperson for the Chapterhouse released a statement:  
  
“Thanks to the hard work of the galaxy’s independent pilots, construction of the first starport is almost complete, work on the second is well underway and construction of the third will begin soon.”  
  
“We are immeasurably grateful to those who supported this initiative, and we look forward to a future of increased travel and trade between Colonia and the core.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the campaign can now collect their rewards from Shajn Market in the Kamadhenu system.  
  
# Arissa Addresses Problems in Persephone  
  
3301-05-23   
  
Speaking from the site of her new palace on Kamadhenu, Princess Lavigny-Duval today addressed the recent problems faced by residents of Persephone in the face of a plague outbreak which was brought to the system by the refugees from Quivira.  
  
“I understand the concerns of the citizens of Persephone, and I am sorry for their plight. However, the illness affecting the refugees, many of whom are malnourished and woefully lax in terms of adequate vaccination cover, is not something that should concern the locals.”  
  
“Of more concern to locals should be the increase in pirate activity, which I have been reliably informed is up by almost 600% since Patreus decided to start throwing his weight around.”  
  
“The people of Quivira certainly need help, but it is their patron’s responsibility to help them, not mine. I’m sure Aisling is more than capable of handling this problem herself. However, if she wishes for my help I will of course be happy to oblige. We are family, after all.”  
  
# Community Goal: The Battle for Neits  
  
3302-05-19   
  
We were escorting a cargo ship to Watson Settlement. As we approached, we were intercepted by a pair of Vultures. They asked us to identify ourselves, but I don't think they were even listening – they just opened fire. The cargo ship took a hit, and then my wingmate bought it. I barely made it out alive.  
  
This testimony comes from the Neits system, which has become the site of intense conflict in the past 24 hours. Authorities in the system have confirmed that a Federal organisation known as Neits Jet Life Ltd has deployed ships throughout the system, and is attacking other vessels at the slightest provocation. Meanwhile, the GR 316 Silver Universal Group, an Imperial organisation, has despatched fighters to counter the Federal offensive.  
  
Neits has long been a contentious territory due to its position between Imperial and Federal space. The system has always tried to maintain its independence, resisting both Federal and Imperial overtures, but many suspected it was only a matter of time before one of the superpowers made a grab for power.  
  
Neither the Federation nor the Empire has made an official statement on the matter, with both Federal President Zachary Hudson and Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval remaining silent. But one inhabitant of the system was happy to provide an opinion on the situation:  
  
"It's no secret that tensions have been rising between the Feds and the Empire recently, so I guess conflict was bound to break out sooner or later. Trouble is, when the superpowers start throwing punches, there tends to be a lot of collateral damage. By the time they're done fighting, there might not be much of Neits left.  
  
Both Neits Jet Life Ltd and the GR 316 Silver Universal Group have promised to reward pilots who support their campaigns. The two factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 19th of May 3302.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-07-25   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Auld Silo, Checha  
  
Darnielle Gateway, Adju  
  
Farmer Laboratory, Ling Deti  
  
Gaensler Dock, Venexo  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Kneale Survey, Manite  
  
Nagata Vision, Gally Bese  
  
Pinzon Orbital, Manite  
  
Russ Landing, Segon  
  
Weber Dock, Meene  
  
Young Station, Ling Deti  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Brashear Landing, Jabugaly  
  
Collins Station, Huichi  
  
Dampier's Progress, Jabugaly  
  
Ford Platform, HIP 41022  
  
Griffiths Horizons, Ruchbah  
  
Israel Port, Mudrama Kaze  
  
Jeury Silo, Obambori  
  
Lindblad Hub, Venexo  
  
Scott Station, HIP 93685  
  
Thomas Orbital, Wolf 1241  
  
Vasilyev Installation, LTT 4560  
  
Wisniewski-Snerg Prospect, Anagorovici  
  
# Securing the Borders in the Ceti Sector  
  
3301-05-24   
  
The return of Onionhead to Panem may be a blessing for the farmers of Kappa Fornacis, but for their neighbours, the Fornacian dream has turned into a living nightmare.  
  
“It’s not right,” one concerned resident of the nearby BD-18 394 system told GalNet. “Sure, they’re doing alright over there in Kappa F, but what about us? What do we get? I’ll tell you, smugglers and pirates, that’s what.”  
  
Crime has spiralled out of control throughout the Ceti Sector, with many locals echoing the sentiment that the Farmers Union of Kappa Fornacis should be held responsible for attracting such unsavoury characters to what was once a peaceful area.  
  
In an attempt to clean up the sector, the Independent Autahenetsi Labour Party are currently offering a range of bonus payments to any Bounty Hunters who sign up to act as Federal Ceti Sector Security Services Agents at Artyukhin Ring in Autahenetsi.  
  
# Community Goal: The Battle for Ho Hsi  
  
3303-09-15   
  
Recent reports indicate that conflict has erupted in the Ho Hsi system between Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited and the Freedom Party of Ho Hsi. System security forces were caught off guard by the violence, which began without warning and has escalated rapidly since then.  
  
Both sides have issued calls for aid, appealing to independent combat pilots for support. Commanders who participate in the conflict will be generously rewarded by their chosen faction.  
  
A representative of system security forces issued the following statement:  
  
“It would be irresponsible of us to encourage independent pilots to join this fight, but if the galactic community can bring this conflict to a swift end, they will have our gratitude.”  
  
The two factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 14th of September 3303.  
  
# Freelance Report: Diamond Frogs Reportedly Attacking Traders  
  
3302-05-20   
  
A Radio Skvortsov commentator recently reported that extremists from the Eravate system were attacking traders running liquor and other legal narcotics to Skvortsov Orbital. The traders, who hail from all sides of the galaxy, were invited to the system by the Diamond Frogs to supply a party celebrating the return of the Distant Worlds Expedition. But recent reports indicate that the Eravate extremists are not the only ones preying on the traders.  
  
According to these new reports, some Diamond Frog ships are also participating in the piracy. Although there is no evidence that the Diamond Frogs' leaders or prominent Commanders are orchestrating or participating in these attacks, numerous pilots have reported being interdicted by hostile Diamond Frog vessels.  
  
One disgruntled Commander claimed that he had been interdicted multiple times by a number of different Diamond Frog ships. The pilot said: "The dingbats keep pulling me out of supercruise, and it's starting to get annoying! Don't get me wrong, the Diamond Frogs seem like good people, and I'll continue to deliver booze for those brave explorers, but they really need to get their house in order and put a stop to these shenanigans. It's casting a shadow on the whole endeavour.  
  
Commander Virgil Kyle  
  
# Guardian-Worshipping Church Declared Illegal  
  
3304-07-26   
  
The Church of Eternal Void, a fringe group that venerates the Guardians, has been declared illegal in every system where it operates.  
  
Cardinal Hieronymous and other senior members of the Church have been arrested for inciting acts of violence against the so-called ‘Far God’ sect, which worships the Thargoids. The death toll among the Far God sect is now in the hundreds, with many more injured.  
  
Councillor Quinn Damico praised the declaration:  
  
“All citizens have the freedom to practise any religion they choose, provided that religion does not sanction homicide. Authorities have made the right move to prevent further bloodshed.”  
  
The decision was condemned by Juanita Bishop, who runs a campaign against the Far God sect:  
  
“So the sick Thargoid-lovers can walk free, while those with the courage to oppose them are put behind bars. It’s the traitors who worship the enemy that should be illegal! This perversion of justice will backfire on us, mark my words.”  
  
Dr Jameelah Griffin of the Galactic Interfaith Commune made this statement:  
  
“The ability to distinguish between laws and beliefs is the mark of a civilised society. In this case we consider the Far God sect to be the victim rather than the aggressor, despite the controversial nature of their faith.”  
  
# Terrorism Claims Against Wolzan and the Shadow Navy Denounced by Crimson Fortune Company  
  
3301-05-25   
  
Ellie Blossum, The CEO of the Crimson Fortune Company, has today issued a statement regarding the recent unrest in Liaedin.  
  
"As many of you know, the Federation’s influence in Liaedin has come under attack in recent months, despite many years of peace between the Blossum and the Faveol families.”  
  
“We believe that this destabilisation effort was a deliberate act of malice, intended to encourage certain unruly members of the Faveol family to attempt to expand beyond the borders of Liaedin, as evidenced by the recent attack on Volungu.”  
  
“The Crimson Fortune Company would like to thank Commander Wolzan and the Shadow Navy for their efforts to keep the Liaedin system in a fair balance of power. We would also like to thank the many Federal pilots who came to our aid during the blockade of Liaedin last weekend. Without your diligence, we are certain that enemies of the Federation would even now be using Liaedin as a staging area for their illegal expansionist agenda.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Capital Ship Destroyed by Thargoids  
  
3303-09-15   
  
Over the past few months, several reports have surfaced of Federal convoys coming under fire in the Maia system. While circumstantial evidence strongly suggested Thargoid involvement, the Federation declined to comment, saying only that the matter was “under investigation”.  
  
But fresh reports indicate that another attack, resulting in the loss of a Farragut-class Battlecruiser and a number of other vessels, has recently taken place. In a galaxy-wide announcement, the Federation confirmed that the attack was perpetrated by Thargoid Interceptor-class vessels, as corroborated by those who survived the assault.  
  
Chief of Federal Security Admiral Aden Tanner issued the following statement:  
  
“Since we cannot communicate with the Thargoids, and cannot therefore determine the motive for this attack, it cannot be considered an act of war in the conventional sense. Nevertheless, I can confirm that the Thargoids are now considered an enemy of the Federation.”  
  
Admiral Tanner’s statement was swiftly followed by a public address from Federal President Zachary Hudson, speaking from the White House on Mars.  
  
“Like many others, I hoped that the Thargoids would prove to be peaceful. Today I am forced to concede that my optimism was misplaced. What I say now, I say to every citizen of the Federation: Action will be taken.”  
  
“I have given Admiral Tanner total authority over this matter, and extended to him the full resources of the Federal Navy. I have every confidence that he will address this threat to the Federation.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Attempt to Sabotage Jaques Station Thwarted  
  
3302-05-20   
  
Three individuals carrying pamphlets identifying them as members of 'The Hands of the Architects' have been apprehended at Jaques Station. Starport personnel discovered the individuals attempting to modify the station's frame shift drive.  
  
A station spokesperson said: "The individuals are apparently members of a cult that arose shortly after Jasmina Halsey first claimed to have encountered super-intelligent, non-human life. Materials confiscated from the individuals indicate that they hoped to force a mis-jump during Jaques's forthcoming journey to Beagle Point. Apparently they thought this would give them an opportunity to meet Halsey's 'architects'.  
  
The would-be saboteurs are currently being held in custody at Jaques Station while starport personnel discuss possible extradition with nearby systems.  
  
Jaiotu  
  
# Rochester Family Attacked  
  
3304-07-27   
  
Members of the Rochester family have come under personal and political attack following the engagement of Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester to Princess Aisling Duval.  
  
Several media outlets shared news of an incident involving Jordan Rochester’s teenage niece:  
  
“A physical assault against Kali Rochester was reported on campus at Olympus Village University yesterday. Students surrounded Ms Rochester and accosted her while chanting anti-Imperial slogans. The assault was repelled by her private security detail.”  
  
Meanwhile, Kali’s father Jupiter Rochester was featured in a financial report from The Federal Times:  
  
“Core Dynamics stock dropped by 18 per cent this month, undoubtedly due to the CEO’s family being linked with an Imperial princess. Jupiter Rochester has come under fire from both shareholders and management, who are concerned that one of the Federation’s bedrocks might be losing his integrity.”  
  
Questions have also been asked in Congress of Isolde Rochester, Jordan Rochester’s mother. Many congressmen have demanded assurances that the Federation will not relinquish influence or territory to the Empire in the wake of the marriage.  
  
Isolde Rochester released the following statement:  
  
“Conservative elements always react negatively to change, even when that change is in society’s best interest. My son’s relationship with Her Imperial Highness represents not just a union between the Rochesters and the House of Duval, but the start of a new era of cooperation that will strengthen us all.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# President Misses Meeting  
  
3301-05-26   
  
Reports coming in from Saga indicate that the President has missed her scheduled meeting with delegates aboard Zudov Terminal. Maisy Stevenson, the leader of the Saga Republic Party, expressed her concern to GalNet in the following statement:  
  
“We were expecting Starflight One to arrive a little under 38 hours ago. An escort was sent to meet Starflight One at the prearranged location, but the ship simply didn’t appear. We informed Mars and were told that the President had decided to take a last-minute detour.”  
  
“I understand the President’s time is precious, but it would have been nice to get a little bit of advance notice. The people of Saga spent a not inconsiderable amount of time and credits preparing to greet the President, and now their hard work appears to have gone to waste. I do hope that the President manages to find time for us in her seemingly busy schedule. I would hate to think that the people of Saga had in some way been snubbed by Halsey.”  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Capital Ship Destroyed by Thargoids  
  
3303-09-16   
  
Over the past few months, several reports have surfaced of Federal convoys coming under fire in the Maia system. While circumstantial evidence strongly suggested Thargoid involvement, the Federation declined to comment, saying only that the matter was “under investigation”.  
  
But fresh reports indicate that another attack, resulting in the loss of a Farragut-class Battlecruiser and a number of other vessels, has recently taken place. In a galaxy-wide announcement, the Federation confirmed that the attack was perpetrated by Thargoid Interceptor-class vessels, as corroborated by those who survived the assault.  
  
Chief of Federal Security Admiral Aden Tanner issued the following statement:  
  
“Since we cannot communicate with the Thargoids, and cannot therefore determine the motive for this attack, it cannot be considered an act of war in the conventional sense. Nevertheless, I can confirm that the Thargoids are now considered an enemy of the Federation.”  
  
Admiral Tanner’s statement was swiftly followed by a public address from Federal President Zachary Hudson, speaking from the White House on Mars.  
  
“Like many others, I hoped that the Thargoids would prove to be peaceful. Today I am forced to concede that my optimism was misplaced. What I say now, I say to every citizen of the Federation: Action will be taken.”  
  
“I have given Admiral Tanner total authority over this matter, and extended to him the full resources of the Federal Navy. I have every confidence that he will address this threat to the Federation.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Malfunctioning Starports Restored with Meta-Alloys  
  
3302-05-20   
  
Recent reports indicate that a number of starports forced to suspend services due to Unknown-Artefact related interference have been restored to normality through the application of meta-alloys. Ackerman Market in Eravate, Gabriel Enterprise in Harma, Weyn Dock in 64 Arietis and Onnes Gateway in LFT 37 are all now reported to be fully operational.  
  
This development – a testament to the hard work of the pilots who have delivered meta-alloys to the affected stations – will no doubt bring hope to those still affected by the technological plague.  
  
The starports currently closed as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference are:  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Ising Dock, 109 Piscium   
  
Fozard Dock, HIP 19934  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Love Ring, Evejitaka  
  
Robigo Mines, Robigo  
  
Saunders's Dive, Wolf 1301  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Kooi Gateway, HIP 93377  
  
Jaques Station, Gliese 1269  
  
# Alliance Initiative  
  
3304-07-27   
  
The Alliance has announced plans to build an Ocellus starport in the MEL 22 Sector GM-V C2-8 system, to further bridge the gap between the core systems and the Alliance’s outposts in the California Nebula.  
  
Alliance official Torvan Dast issued the following statement:  
  
“Our previous initiative established a link between our outposts in the California Nebula and the galactic core. But to ensure the safety and wellbeing of travellers following the route, we need to maintain a robust programme of starport construction.”  
  
The initiative is being overseen by the Turner Research Group, which has placed an open order for mined resources to be used in the construction. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing material to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 26th of July 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Federal State of Emergency: Winters Declared Acting President  
  
3301-05-26   
  
At 15:00 hours universal galactic time on 26th May 3301, Secretary of State Felicia Winters assumed the role of Acting President of the Federation in the wake of the disappearance of Spaceflight One.  
  
Speaking in an emergency broadcast to the nation, Acting President Winters had this to say:  
  
“It is with deep regret and some trepidation that I must come before you today to announce that contact with the President’s ship, Spaceflight One, has been lost.”  
  
“Two days ago, Navy Command received word that the President would be taking an unscheduled detour to Azaleach. Her reasons as to why remain classified.”  
  
“12 hours ago, following entry into hyperspace, Spaceflight One went dark. All attempts by the President’s security team to trace the vessel have met with failure.”  
  
“Squadrons have been scrambled in an attempt to find President Halsey and Vice President Naylor, and I have faith that the Navy will do everything they can to bring them home.”   
  
“That said, in order to maintain a clear chain of command during this time of crisis, I will be assuming the role of Acting President of the Federation effective immediately. I hope I have your support, and I hope it will only have to be a temporary measure.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Federation Addresses Rumours  
  
3303-09-21   
  
Following news that a Federal convoy has been destroyed by Thargoid vessels in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 system, Lieutenant Jarah Kael of the Federal Navy has addressed rumours that the Thargoids may have attacked in self defence.  
  
“There has been speculation that the Thargoid attack was an act of self preservation. Nothing could be further from the truth.”  
  
“It is true that Thargoid vessels typically scan human craft rather than attack, so I can understand how this misconception has taken root, but I can assure you it is baseless. Data recovered from IR-W D1-55, including the black box from the Farragut-class Battlecruiser, proves beyond a doubt that the attack was initiated by the Thargoids. To suggest otherwise dishonours the memory of those who lost their lives in this tragedy.”  
  
A spokesperson for Aegis, which is coordinating research into the Thargoids, confirmed the veracity of Lieutenant Kael’s statement:  
  
“We have been analysing the data from the attack site in an effort to understand the Thargoids’ motives and military capabilities. While I cannot yet reveal the results of that analysis, I can confirm that the convoy was attacked without provocation by multiple Thargoid vessels.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Growing Demand for Halsey's Exploration Data  
  
3302-05-21   
  
A demonstration was held today at Leoniceno Orbital in Azaleach calling for the immediate release of all information submitted in response to former Federal president Jasmina Halsey's appeal for exploration data.  
  
"Something isn't right here," said one of the demonstrators. "Mountains of data were submitted, and within two days they were able to review it thoroughly enough to declare there was absolutely nothing of interest? This reeks of a cover up.  
  
Speakers at the rally demanded that the Azaleach Partnership, to which the information was submitted, release the data so its findings could be independently verified.  
  
"Science relies on openness, collaboration and peer review," argued one speaker. "It's an integral part of the process. Any conclusions based on secret data should be treated with suspicion.  
  
Commander Corlas  
  
# League of Reparation Hunt Concludes  
  
3304-07-27   
  
The tri-power taskforce whose goal is to eradicate the League of Reparation has announced a successful conclusion to its recent campaign. Scores of pilots supported the taskforce by eliminating League terrorists in the Zibal and Ienpalang systems.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Captain Niamh Seutonia had this to say:  
  
“The League of Reparation put up a good fight, just what we’ve come to expect from these fanatics, but we prevailed in the end. With the aid of the galactic community, we have now taken a bold step in eradicating this terrorist organisation once and for all.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative in the Zibal system can now collect their rewards from Hire Port. Pilots who contributed to the initiative in the Ienpalang system can now collect their rewards from Brundage City.  
  
# Federal Search Efforts Continue  
  
3301-05-27   
  
It has been almost 48 hours since the disappearance of Starship One. Early reports indicated that the ship was lost with all hands, and in this instance GalNet is pleased to announce that the early reports were mistaken. Three ships from Starship One’s Guardian Wing made contact with Navy HQ shortly after the initial disappearance. Unfortunately, they were not able to shed any light on the ultimate fate of Starship One.   
  
Despite thousands of Federal scouts combing the sectors along Starship One's secured route, designated Spaceflight One, no trace of the missing ship has been found.  
  
Specialist teams from Core Dynamics and the Sirius Corporation are currently attempting to analyse the wake and uplink data captured by the President’s Guardian Wing escorts in the moments before all four ships jumped. Theories involve either a rare misjump or some sort of catastrophic drive failure. Unfortunately, results so far are inconclusive as to what may have happened to President Halsey and her team.  
  
One member of the crew of one of the President’s Guardian Wing, who wished to remain nameless, spoke exclusively to GalNet about the last moments before the President’s disappearance.  
  
“I’ve never seen anything like it. One minute everything was fine. Pre-jump checks? Normal. Engine power? Normal. Our drives were slaved to Starship One, as is normal. The entry to hyperspace seemed normal at first, but then there was a terrible shock wave and our ship started tumbling. We exited hyperspace uncontrolled and in deep space – something I’ve never seen before. Our ship had taken damage. We couldn’t reach Starship One via comms, but managed to make contact with the other two members of the Guardian Wing. We first searched the deep space around our positions, then jumped to the destination point rendezvous as quickly as we could. Nothing. Not even wreckage. ”  
  
The Federal Navy are requesting that any pilots interested in helping to search along the Starflight One route should sign up for active duty as a member of the search and rescue team aboard Leoniceno Orbital in Azaleach.  
  
# Galactic News: Aegis to Widen Remit  
  
3303-09-21   
  
A spokesperson for Aegis, the joint-superpower initiative established to coordinate research into the Thargoids, has confirmed that the organisation is to widen its remit.  
  
The development is understood to be a response to the recent Thargoid attack against Federal ships in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 system.  
  
In a statement, the spokesperson said:  
  
“Aegis has received sanctions from the leaders of all three superpowers to focus not only research, but also on defence. This reflects a belief that Aegis, which includes some of the galaxy’s foremost experts on non-human life, is best positioned to coordinate such efforts.”  
  
“We understand that some will lament this development, but the decision was arrived at only after careful consideration, and all parties have agreed on its necessity. Rest assured that our research initiatives will continue.”  
  
It is understood that the organisation’s budget has been dramatically increased.  
  
# Freelance Report: New Galactic Cooperative Denounces Violence in Neits  
  
3302-05-23   
  
As Federal and Imperial factions continue to fight for control of the contested Neits system, the New Galactic Cooperative of Worlds has issued a statement denouncing the violence. GalCop's representative, Jahena Yar Savor, addressed both sides of the conflict, and appealed for an end to hostilities in the spirit of cooperation and unity.  
  
"Our differences must not be settled through violence," said Savor. "This conflict may have begun because of ideals, but it has led to very real damage. Until both sides set aside their differences and their weapons, the citizens and business interests of Neits will continue to suffer.  
  
'Disc' Commander Felix Dyson - Radio Skvortsov  
  
# Community Goal: Engineers Appeal for Thargoid Material  
  
3303-09-21   
  
Following news that the Thargoids have attacked a Federal convoy in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 system, Aegis has recruited two of the galaxy’s foremost independent engineers to immediately begin developing new defensive and offensive technologies.  
  
One of these engineers is Liz Ryder, a specialist in explosive weaponry, who spoke to The Federal Times about her involvement:  
  
“It’s not about penetrating the Thargoids’ shields – we’ve been blowing each other up for centuries so we’ve gotten pretty good at dealing punishment – it’s about creating weapons that are specifically calibrated to damage Thargoid hardware.”  
  
Ryder was asked if she thought it was too late to avert all-out conflict with the Thargoids:  
  
“That’s a question for the politicians. My job is to design weapons. And if someone – or something – shoots at you, you’ve got two choices: run away or shoot back. At the moment, the first of those is our only option. It would be nice to have a second.”  
  
Professor Ishmael Palin, a leading authority on xenobiology, has also been recruited to the programme. He said:  
  
“My first task will be developing a scanner that can provide us with meaningful data on the Thargoids’ ships. Of course, to properly calibrate these new technologies we will need large quantities of Thargoid material.”  
  
Aegis has placed an open order for a range of Thargoid materials for use in the programme. Aegis Core has pledged to reward pilots who deliver unknown technology samples, unknown biological matter, ancient relics and explosives to Awyra Flirble in the Eurybia system for Liz Ryder. Aegis Research has promised to reimburse Commanders who deliver unknown technology samples, unknown resin, computer components and resonating separators to Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system for Ishmael Palin.  
  
The campaign begins on the 21st of September and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Classic Children’s Show Returns  
  
3304-07-28   
  
A children’s entertainment show that achieved great popularity 40 years ago is being remade for modern audiences.  
  
The animated programme, which featured spacefaring camel-like lifeforms from another galaxy, was titled Andromedaries. After many years, its devoted fanbase has raised funding for an independent entertainment company to purchase the rights.  
  
A press release from Blackshadow Productions stated:  
  
“This new incarnation of Andromedaries will delight fans both old and new. We’ll be going on a dark, blood-soaked journey of psychological discovery, showcasing all the trials and pressures of intergalactic travel.”  
  
Vienna Langhorne, the creator and head writer of the original show, commented:  
  
“It’s about camels in space, for goodness’ sake! What are these morons doing to it?”  
  
Ogden Smith, president of the Andromedaries Superlative Society, told the media:  
  
“With all due respect to Vienna Langhorne, she doesn’t understand the show like we do. The new version will return viewers to the gritty, realistic drama we enjoyed when we were kids.”  
  
# Shades of the Antares Incident  
  
3301-05-27   
  
At a press conference held earlier today, Acting Federal President Felicia Winters made a personal appearance to address the rdisappearance of Starship One after failing to re-enter normal space following a routine hyperspace jump.  
  
“The disappearance of Starship One has us all on edge. Tensions are high, and the rumour mills are making all their usual noise about terrorists, aliens, conspiracies and cover-ups. I’m afraid the truth will likely get you all far fewer viewers, but it is the truth that the people of the Federation need to hear from me now.”  
  
“I’m told the early investigations from telemetry and uplink data suggest an explosive drive failure destroyed Starship One in hyperspace, catapulting all three of her protective Guardian Wing out of hyperspace. Wreckage is likely spread across interstellar space. I’m told there are parallels with the loss of the Highliner Antares way back in 3251 when she was lost with all hands on her maiden voyage.”  
  
“I know I remember where I was when the Highliner Antares disappeared, and I fear we will always remember where we were the day Starship One was lost.”  
  
“While we don’t know what caused this incident – yet – we do know that Starship One’s engines experienced an unexpected surge of power just seconds before making its last jump.”  
  
“The search efforts will continue, of course. Our hearts and hope go out to the friends and families of President Halsey and all those lost yesterday in this terrible incident.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-05-25   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# League of Reparation Eliminated  
  
3304-07-28   
  
The League of Reparation has been dismantled, according to the tri-superpower taskforce investigating the organisation.  
  
Captain Niamh Seutonia of the Imperial Internal Security Service made this statement:  
  
“Following the decryption of the League’s comms network, we have now arrested or eliminated every member of the organisation. The galactic community provided significant support by destroying the League’s strongholds in Federal and Imperial space. Thanks to their efforts, the League of Reparation has been defeated.”  
  
Deputy Inspector Mara Klatt spoke to the media about Riri McAllister, now known to be Nexus, the League’s central coordinator:  
  
“McAllister voluntarily revealed a surprising amount of information during questioning. It seems the League began building its forces a few years ago, recruiting misguided obsessives and mercenaries. They targeted INRA descendants to whom they could gain easy access, murdering dozens of innocent people.”  
  
“After Commander Jameson’s ship was discovered, the League started targeting high-profile individuals and leaving the 'For Jameson' message. This was designed to generate exposure and spread terror to families with an INRA connection.”  
  
“McAllister has confessed to being the original architect of the League. As for her motivation, she insists she is a direct descendant of Commander John Jameson, and that her duty was to avenge his death.”  
  
“In fact, McAllister is registered as an orphan of unknown lineage, meaning that we cannot verify her claim. Our suspicion is that this is a long-held delusion or a product of a psychological disorder.”  
  
Alliance Interpol later confirmed that McAllister had been charged with multiple terrorism-related crimes. Her trial will be held shortly.  
  
# The Truth is Out There  
  
3301-05-28   
  
Despite claims that the disappearance of Starship One was due to a failure in the ship’s Frame Shift Drive, rumours abound about a more sinister, possibly extraterrestrial explanation.  
  
Alex Snoori, host of the popular interstellar talk show Beyond Top Secret, had this to say to his listeners.  
  
“It’s an outrage, that’s what it is. Do you think those Martian fat cats that rule over us want you to know the truth? I don’t think so.”  
  
“Learn your history, people. It wasn’t all that long ago that our ancestors were being plucked out of the black right into the belly of bugs. Wake up sheeple, you don’t want to be sitting around dressed up like mutton when they come for you. Do not let the government tell you lies. You’re smarter than that.”  
  
“There’s been a lot of hullabaloo about strange things being found out there recently. Weird, pulsing, alien things. I don’t know where they came from, but I do know that they’re creepy, and gross, and almost certainly dangerous. You think it’s a coincidence that the President went missing just weeks after those THINGS turn up? Don’t be so naive. WAKE UP sheeple, you’re being lied to.”  
  
# Galactic News: Peace Declared in Ho Hsi  
  
3303-09-21   
  
Authorities in the Ho Hsi system have confirmed that the conflict between Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited and the Freedom Party of Ho Hsi has come to an end.  
  
Ho Hsi media outlets have reported that the battle was won by Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited. The Freedom Party of Ho Hsi is understood to have withdrawn its forces.  
  
Both factions received support from independent combat pilots, to whom generous rewards were promised, but ultimately it was Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited that emerged victorious.   
  
A spokesperson for Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited issued a statement to those who rallied to their cause:  
  
“Without your help, the Freedom Party of Ho Hsi might have got the better of us. We’ll never forget it.”  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict can now collect their rewards from Hand Ring in the Ho Hsi system.  
  
# Galactic News: No Sign of Jaques Station  
  
3302-05-26   
  
Two weeks ago it was announced that Jaques Station, the galaxy's most famous travelling starport, would make an incredible long-distance jump from Gliese 1269 to Beagle Point. The proposed expedition received enthusiastic support from the galactic community, which contributed thousands of tonnes of fuel to the ambitious campaign.  
  
But despite setting off almost a week ago, no communications have been received from Jaques Station since it departed, and explorers at Beagle Point have reported no sign of the outpost. Dr Kaii, one of the leaders of the Distant Worlds Expedition, released the following statement:  
  
"I have received numerous updates from pilots in the vicinity of Beagle Point reporting 'no joy' on the Jacques jump. Members of the fleet have searched nearby systems, but there is no sign of the station. A full investigation should be launched as soon as possible.  
  
Kinsley Larson, an engineering specialist, offered this assessment to the Federal Times:  
  
"I can't say I'm surprised. A leap like that would be a remarkable feat for a starship, never mind a starport. Even if Jaques Station survived the jump, there are countless things that could have gone wrong and caused it to veer off course. It could be almost anywhere in the galaxy. Assuming it's still in one piece, that is.  
  
A number of Unknown Artefacts had recently been sold at Jaques Station, and the starport was experiencing technical issues at the time it departed for Beagle Point.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-07-29   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
The League of Reparation has been dismantled, according to the tri-superpower taskforce investigating the organisation. The announcement followed a successful operation to remove League forces from two systems – one in Federal and one in Imperial space. Riri McAllister, the League’s central coordinator, has been charged with multiple terrorism-related crimes.  
  
The Church of Eternal Void, a fringe group that venerates the Guardians, has been declared illegal in every system where it operates. Cardinal Hieronymous and other senior members of the Church have been arrested for inciting acts of violence against the so-called ‘Far God’ sect, which worships the Thargoids.  
  
Meanwhile, members of the Rochester family have come under attack following the engagement of Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester to Princess Aisling Duval. Jordan Rochester’s niece Kali Rochester was the victim of a physical assault, while her father Jupiter Rochester, a Core Dynamics executive, has come under fire from both shareholders and management.  
  
In other news, the classic children’s show Andromedaries, about spacefaring camel-like lifeforms, is being remade for modern audiences. The production company behind the reboot has promised a “dark, blood-soaked journey of psychological discovery”, prompting dismay from the creator and writer of the original programme, Vienna Langhorne.  
  
Finally, the Alliance has announced plans to build a new Ocellus starport to further bridge the gap between the core systems and the Alliance’s outposts in the California Nebula. The organisation overseeing the initiative has placed an open order for mined resources to be used in the construction.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Emergency Session of Congress  
  
3301-05-28   
  
Shadow President Hudson today called an Emergency Session of Congress to address concerns surrounding Starship One’s disappearance.  
  
During the meeting, the Shadow President openly mocked the idea that Starship One’s disappearance could have been caused by simple engine failure.  
  
“Jasmina and I weren’t close – heck, we hated each other, and that’s the truth of it. But the idea, the very notion, that our best and brightest out there on Starship One would have let that bird fly with a busted engine... No way. Those guys are military. We need to be looking for who did it. We need to nail them NOW. The assassin is busy covering their tracks while we speak. This dithering inaction and woolly thinking is typical of this administration. Let’s face it Halsey had enough enemies like those onionhead guys, numerous frontier systems she has annoyed, and the elephant in the room – the Empire.”  
  
Acting President Winters took a more levelled approach.  
  
“I appreciate the sheer gamut of emotions my esteemed colleague must be feeling, but at times like these, level heads must prevail. We have found no evidence of foul play as yet. Our engineers are sifting through copious amounts of data and so far it does look like a very unusual catastrophic failure rather than sabotage.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Federation Addresses Rumours  
  
3303-09-22   
  
Following news that a Federal convoy was destroyed by Thargoid vessels in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 system, Lieutenant Jarah Kael of the Federal Navy has addressed rumours that the Thargoids may have attacked in self-defence.  
  
“There has been speculation that the Thargoid attack was an act of self-preservation. Nothing could be further from the truth.”  
  
“It is true that Thargoid vessels typically scan human craft rather than attack, so I can understand how this misconception has taken root, but I assure you it is baseless. Data recovered from IR-W D1-55, including the black box from the Farragut-class Battlecruiser, proves beyond a doubt that the attack was initiated by the Thargoids. To suggest otherwise dishonours the memory of those who lost their lives in this tragedy.”  
  
A spokesperson for Aegis, which is coordinating research into the Thargoids, confirmed the veracity of Lieutenant Kael’s statement:  
  
“We have been analysing the data from the attack site in an effort to understand the Thargoids’ motives and military capabilities. While I cannot yet reveal the results of that analysis, I can confirm that the convoy was attacked without provocation by multiple Thargoid vessels.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Outpost Established in HIP 19072  
  
3302-05-26   
  
Last month, the Alliance launched an initiative to establish a new outpost on the fringes of inhabited space. The campaign received the support of hundreds of Alliance-aligned pilots who, along with other members of the galactic community, delivered essential materials and components to the Alliance base at Noti Dock.  
  
Now, Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has announced that the new outpost is complete. In a statement, Mahon said:  
  
"It gives me great pleasure to announce the formal opening of the Cooper Research Centre. In addition to functioning as a base for scientific research, the station will bolster the Alliance's reconnaissance and intelligence-gathering capabilities in a strategically valuable region of space.  
  
An Alliance spokesperson confirmed that the new outpost would offer reload, repair and refuel services to pilots operating in the HIP 19072 system.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-08-01   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Brashear Landing, Jabugaly  
  
Collins Station, Huichi  
  
Dampier's Progress, Jabugaly  
  
Ford Platform, HIP 41022  
  
Griffiths Horizons, Ruchbah  
  
Israel Port, Mudrama Kaze  
  
Jeury Silo, Obambori  
  
Lindblad Hub, Venexo  
  
Scott Station, HIP 93685  
  
Thomas Orbital, Wolf 1241  
  
Wisniewski-Snerg Prospect, Anagorovici  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Brady City, Shouvul  
  
Cerulli Port, Setet  
  
Chiang Port, Gero Kiaku  
  
Flagg Station, 41 Upsilon-4 Eridani  
  
Nagata Port, Setet  
  
North Dock, Amaunet  
  
Riebe Enterprise, Checha  
  
Russ Landing, Segon  
  
Schmitt Platform, BD+08 642  
  
Tani Hub, Ainunnicori  
  
van der Riet Woolley Orbital, Jabugaly  
  
Vinci Ring, HIP 91085  
  
Younghusband Station, Miku  
  
# Winters Willingly Agrees to Vote  
  
3301-05-29   
  
Following Shadow President Zachary Hudson’s call to have Congress issue a Vote of No Confidence against President Jasmina Halsey, Acting President Felicia Winters held a press conference outside Congress to address the Shadow President’s concerns about the future.  
  
“Let me start by saying how truly saddened I am by the loss of my long time friend, Jasmina. I know that were she here instead of me, she would be deeply disappointed with the fear-mongering being bandied about by members of the opposition. Nevertheless we have to bow to process.”  
  
“In order to allow a right and proper number of representatives from the frontier worlds to attend, Congress will meet on Monday to formally vote on the future of the Federation. Should I be chosen to continue to serve, I promise that you will get the kind of president that you deserve.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Aegis to Widen Remit  
  
3303-09-22   
  
A spokesperson for Aegis, the joint-superpower initiative established to coordinate research into the Thargoids, has confirmed that the organisation is to widen its remit.  
  
The development is understood to be a response to the recent Thargoid attack against Federal ships in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 system.  
  
In a statement, the spokesperson said:  
  
“Aegis has received sanctions from the leaders of all three superpowers to focus not only on research, but also on defence. This reflects a belief that Aegis, which includes some of the galaxy’s foremost experts on non-human life, is best positioned to coordinate such efforts.”  
  
“We understand that some will lament this development, but the decision was arrived at only after careful consideration, and all parties have agreed on its necessity. Rest assured that our research initiatives will continue.”  
  
It is understood that the organisation’s budget has been dramatically increased.  
  
# Community Goal: Bringing Peace to Ngolibardu  
  
3302-05-26   
  
Authorities in the Ngolibardu system have reported that the number of criminals operating in the area has risen sharply over the past few months. Recent reports indicate that agitators have been attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, Ngolibardu Electronics Solutions has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the Ngolibardu system, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Vernadsky Port.  
  
The campaign begins on the 26th of May 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Author Abandons Interstellar Book Tour  
  
3304-08-01   
  
Celebrated author Olav Redcourt has abandoned the promotional tour for his latest novel, halfway through a two-month circuit of fifty systems.  
  
Reporters managed to catch Mr Redcourt as he was storming off the passenger liner where he has spent the last four weeks. He told them:  
  
“I’m sick of churning out historical-romance garbage, especially now that readers can change the damn story to suit themselves! I’m going to write the book I’ve always wanted to write – a science-fiction saga set in the future.”  
  
A statement was released by Bonespire Publishing:  
  
“Unfortunately this incident constitutes a breach of contract, as Mr Redcourt has only produced fourteen Corsair King novels, rather than the twenty-five we agreed. We hope we can convince him to resume the tour and continue with the series.”  
  
Margaux Hist, the author’s agent, commented:  
  
“Olav’s a true artist, so I’m sure fans will understand that he wants a little creative freedom. I can’t tell you anything about the new title yet, but science-fiction is a niche genre with a tiny audience, so I hope it sells well enough to pay Olav’s legal bills.”  
  
# Community Goal: Engineers Appeal for Thargoid Material  
  
3303-09-22   
  
Following news that the Thargoids have attacked a Federal convoy in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 system, Aegis has recruited two of the galaxy’s foremost independent engineers to immediately begin developing new defensive and offensive technologies.  
  
One of these engineers is Liz Ryder, a specialist in explosive weaponry, who spoke to The Federal Times about her involvement:  
  
“It’s not about penetrating the Thargoids’ shields – we’ve been blowing each other up for centuries so we’ve gotten pretty good at dealing punishment – it’s about creating weapons that are specifically calibrated to damage Thargoid hardware.”  
  
Ryder was asked if she thought it was too late to avert all-out conflict with the Thargoids:  
  
“That’s a question for the politicians. My job is to design weapons. And if someone – or something – shoots at you, you’ve got two choices: run away or shoot back. At the moment, the first of those is our only option. It would be nice to have a second.”  
  
Professor Ishmael Palin, a leading authority on xenobiology, has also been recruited to the programme. He said:  
  
“My first task will be developing a scanner that can provide us with meaningful data on the Thargoids’ ships. Of course, to properly calibrate these new technologies we will need large quantities of Thargoid material.”  
  
Aegis has placed an open order for a range of Thargoid materials for use in the programme. Aegis Core has pledged to reward pilots who deliver unknown technology samples, unknown biological matter, ancient relics and explosives to Awyra Flirble in the Eurybia system for Liz Ryder. Aegis Research has promised to reimburse Commanders who deliver unknown technology samples, unknown resin, computer components and resonating separators to Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system for Ishmael Palin.  
  
The campaign begins on the 21st of September and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Hudson Calls for Vote of No Confidence  
  
3301-05-29   
  
Shadow President Zachary Hudson has continued his criticism of Halsey’s administration, finally moving to the feared vote of no confidence. In his address to Congress, Shadow President Hudson has made it clear the situation needs a resolution.  
  
“These are uncertain times and, with no disrespect to Jasmina’s memory, we need to put an end to this weak administration and bring our beloved Federation back on track. We cannot allow ourselves the luxury of wallowing in this state of horrendous disarray for even a moment longer.”  
  
“Had Jasmina returned, it would have made no difference. She was away trying to raise support from the frontier as she knew this vote of no confidence was coming. I call for it now. Let’s get it out of the way and move on, here on Mars and throughout the Federation.”  
  
“We are not some Imperial dynasty. We do not allow the whims of our dead to dictate terms to the living.”  
  
“As such, in her absence, and without any ill intent towards Secretary Winters, I am issuing a call for a vote of no confidence against the current administration.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Federation Assumes Control of Neits  
  
3302-05-26   
  
After a week of intense conflict, Neits Jet Life Ltd confirmed that its forces have successfully neutralised the GR 316 Silver Universal Group in the Neits system.   
  
The fighting began when ships belonging to the Federation-aligned Neits Jet Life Ltd came under fire from the GR 316 Silver Universal Group, an Imperial organisation. As the conflict escalated, both sides called in support from independent combat pilots, but ultimately it was Neits Jet Life Ltd who emerged victorious.  
  
With the system now under official Federal control, Admiral Yorke of the Federal Navy released the following statement:  
  
"The remaining GR 316 Silver Universal Group forces have retreated from Neits, allowing Neits Jet Life Ltd to assume control of the system. Neits will now enjoy all the benefits of being an official Federal enclave, including the protection of the Federal Navy.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Aisling Duval Assassination Foiled  
  
3304-08-02   
  
An attempt to assassinate Princess Aisling Duval has been prevented by the Imperial Internal Security Service.  
  
The attempt occurred in the Zhao system during a fundraising event for Unchain, the anti-slavery charity formed by the princess and campaigner Jarl Toredo.   
  
Captain Takio Diomedes of the IISS gave this statement:  
  
“Shortly after the fundraiser began, Princess Duval’s security detail detected explosive charges in key locations across the event centre. We immediately evacuated the building. The explosives, which were of amateur design, were disabled. Forensic analysis is underway to determine their origin.”  
  
Aisling Duval has not addressed the incident, and is continuing her fundraising duties for Unchain. Her fiancé, Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester, made this comment:  
  
“Had the explosives not been found, they would have killed hundreds of innocent people. Aisling and I are grateful to both Federal and Imperial security services, which are working together to ensure our safety. This is a splendid example of inter-power cooperation, which we hope will soon be commonplace.”  
  
# A Vote of Congressional Confidence  
  
3301-05-30   
  
There is blood in the water and the politicians have begun hunting their prey.  
  
Yesterday, Shadow President Hudson placed a motion before Congress asking that they issue a Vote of No Confidence against President Halsey’s administration. The motion was accepted, and the vote has been scheduled to take place on Monday afternoon.  
  
According to historic procedure, if a Vote of No Confidence in the encumbent President succeeds, then the Shadow President gets the chance to form an administration, which in turn is then put to a vote. If this fails, then a full congressional election is triggered.  
  
The Shadow President succeeding in these circumstances is not unheard of, but pretty rare. The last occasion was when the increasingly unpopular Eugene Cooper was ousted by the charismatic Antonia Madison in 3264 following a mid-term Vote of No Confidence.  
  
# Galactic News: Peace Declared in Ho Hsi  
  
3303-09-22   
  
Authorities in the Ho Hsi system have confirmed that the conflict between Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited and the Freedom Party of Ho Hsi has come to an end.  
  
Ho Hsi media outlets have reported that the battle was won by Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited. The Freedom Party of Ho Hsi is understood to have withdrawn its forces.  
  
Both factions received support from independent combat pilots, to whom generous rewards were promised, but ultimately it was Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited that emerged victorious.   
  
A spokesperson for Ho Hsi Jet Comms Limited issued a statement to those who rallied to their cause:  
  
“Without your help, the Freedom Party of Ho Hsi might have got the better of us. We’ll never forget it.”  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict can now collect their rewards from Hand Ring in the Ho Hsi system.  
  
# Community Goal: The Skvortsov Orbital Hangover  
  
3302-05-26   
  
The party to celebrate the successful conclusion of the Distant Worlds Expedition has been a tremendous success, with festivities at Skvortsov Orbital lasting for several days. But the revelry has come at a cost, as it seems 63 G. Capricorni is now in the grip of a system-wide hangover.  
  
A member of staff at Skvortsov Orbital said: "Those Diamond Frogs really know how to throw a party. Seriously, I've never seen anything like it. At one point, the security chief was dancing on a table and screaming about wanting to be a showgirl.  
  
The starport's chief of security declined to comment, although rumours that he has resigned his position to fulfil his secret ambitions remain unsubstantiated. His office issued the following statement:  
  
"The celebrations were a great success, but now it's time to clean up. We are therefore asking independent pilots to deliver hazardous environment suits, water purifiers and coffee to help the system get back on its feet.  
  
The Diamond Frogs have once again stepped in, promising to reward pilots who deliver the much-needed commodities to Skvortsov Orbital in the 63 G. Capricorni system. The campaign begins on the 26th of May 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Riri McAllister Shot  
  
3304-08-02   
  
Former rear admiral Riri McAllister has been shot. She is currently undergoing medical treatment.  
  
The incident took place at the Alliance Chamber of Justice on Turner’s World in the Alioth system. McAllister was on trial for organising acts of terrorism as Nexus, founder of the League of Reparation.  
  
Deputy Inspector Mara Klatt, who was delivering prosecuting evidence at the trial, briefed the media:  
  
“Shortly after McAllister took the stand she was struck by a single shot from the visitors’ gallery. She is now in intensive care and awaiting transport to an advanced medical facility. Assuming she recovers, the trial will continue at a later date.”  
  
“The shooter has been identified as Polly Cartesius, daughter of Nestor Cartesius, an Imperial senator murdered by the League of Reparation. She used a concealed laser firearm specially designed to avoid security scans. She did not resist arrest, and it is clear that this was an act of revenge for her father’s death. As she is an Imperial citizen, we have extradited her to the care of the IISS.”  
  
Polly Cartesius was last seen in public two weeks ago during her father’s ceremonial funeral, which saw his body entombed in the Hall of Martyrs beneath the Imperial Palace. It is thought that she travelled to Alliance space using false identification.  
  
Captain Niamh Seutonia has taken Ms Cartesius into custody and returned with her to Capitol, where she will stand trial for attempted murder.  
  
# Malfunction or Malice?  
  
3301-05-30   
  
It has now been 5 days since Starship One lost contact, and the search and rescue teams have yet to find any trace of the missing ship or her crew.  
  
According to Lieutenant Barringer of the Federal Transport Safety Administration:  
  
“Starship One’s disappearance appears to have been caused by a major malfunction in the Frame Shift Drive’s safety systems. It looks like there was a major power surge, followed by four separate system failures in quick succession according to the data we have, resulting in a catastrophic explosion. We do not believe this explosion would have been survivable by anyone on board.”   
  
“The FTSA has seen each of these failures in commercial and military hyperdrives in the last few years, but each one has resulted in the drive shutting down and the ship failing to enter hyperspace.   
  
“There are strong similarities with the loss of the Highliner Antares in 3251, but since then we have many more safety systems designed to prevent such failures. At the moment it looks like this was a terribly unlucky tragic accident. We have not found any evidence of tampering, and all the systems passed their automated pre-flight checks.”   
  
“Our condolences go out to the loved ones of those lost.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Sideris Remains Open Minded  
  
3302-05-27   
  
Cynthia Sideris, chair of Universal Cartographics, made a brief comment outside UC headquarters this morning on Jasmina Halsey's ostensibly unsuccessful search for the "architects of creation":  
  
"Whether or not President Halsey's 'architects' exist is open to question, but chances are that some form of non-human sentience exists in our galaxy. We've received data from as far as Beagle Point, but even that represents only an infinitesimal fraction of known stars in the galaxy. We can only keep looking.  
  
President Halsey's psychological review continues.  
  
Commander Stateira Eleshenar  
  
Zandu Science Journal | Interstellar Press  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-09-27   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Ackerman Depot, Coma  
  
Wafer Terminal, Shenich  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Talos 1, Peregrina  
  
Aachen Town, Alioth  
  
Barjavel Station, HIP 33368  
  
# Alliance Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-08-02   
  
The Alliance has announced that its appeal for mined resources has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community. Huge quantities of raw material were delivered to California Gateway over the past week, which will be used to construct an Ocellus starport in the MEL 22 Sector GM-V C2-8 system.  
  
With the campaign at an end, Alliance official Torvan Dast issued the following statement:  
  
“We are grateful for the efforts made by those pilots who helped bring this initiative to fruition. Construction of this starport will make the long journey to the California Nebula safer for traders and colonists alike.”  
  
Construction of the new starport is expected to begin soon. Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from California Gateway in the Synuefai EB-R C7-5 system.  
  
# 78 Ursae Majoris Celebrates Security with Shield Sale  
  
3301-05-31   
  
After a series of skirmishes between independent pilots and pirates, as well as the drawn out battle against the Sobek Boys, 78 Ursae Majoris was facing a security threat in the run-up to Federal President Jasmina Halsey’s planned visit. News of the catastrophic accident that is believed to have consumed Starship One, and taken the President’s life, has been spreading through the galaxy, but 78 Ursae Majoris has now been secured.  
  
The system saw a huge influx of independent pilots as Andrew Bailey, Mayor of Townshend Hub and local leader of the Alioth Independents, declared the security and military campaign. Independent pilots were tasked with eradicating criminal elements in and around Alliance territory, along with being enlisted in a military campaign against the Sobek Boys, a criminal syndicate operating from the Sobek system. There was a lull in fighting the Sobek Boys however, as the objective took a few days to actually reach a completion mark. Some might think there might be more behind as to why this objective wasn't touched in the starting days. Ivan Shevchenko, a known mercenary and fighter pilot, has given us his opinion on the matter:  
  
"There is a large difference between fighting traditional asteroid belt pirates, and a well organized militia force. And that isn't something I say lightly, having been in the conflict areas. The Sobek Boys' ships were well armed and heavily reinforced. A whole gang of pirates running around with that kind of gear is bad for any system or region of space. But that could also be the reason as to why nobody was really wanting to fight them. Nobody wants to be tangled up against that kind of firepower, even I don't and I own one of the best bounty hunting vessels you can get. On the other hand, independent pilots could've also been distracted by the other directive Mayor Bailey put out to stopping pirate activity. At the same time though I have to say, who knows. I suppose in the end though, all of us who helped put a stop to the Sobek Boys and pirate activities in and around 78 Ursae Majoris did a very good thing for the Alliance and its members.  
  
- CMDR Shevchenko  
  
# Meta-Alloy Sale Announced at Darnielle's Progress  
  
3302-05-27   
  
Business leaders Darnielle's Progress in the Maia system have announced a sale of meta-alloys. Their spokesman, Larry Oldman, had this to say.  
  
"We have a stockpile of meta-alloys, and in the current climate it would be foolish for us to ignore the income potential for them.  
  
Researchers, including Professor Palin, who operates from the same system, have declared the move as unwise.  
  
"We don't know the full potential of these materials, and selling them to just anybody could be a recipe for disaster.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-09-27   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Ackerman Depot, Coma  
  
Wafer Terminal, Shenich  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Talos 1, Peregrina  
  
Aachen Town, Alioth  
  
Barjavel Station, HIP 33368  
  
# Aranbarahun Purple Creative Campaign  
  
3304-08-02   
  
Aranbarahun Purple Creative, an independent organisation based in the Aranbarahun system, has announced plans to build a massive cargo ship to transport goods out of the booming system.  
  
In support of this goal, Aranbarahun Purple Creative has placed an open order for various commodities, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Barnes Terminal in the Aranbarahun system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing commodities to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 2nd of August 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Federal Congress Prepares for Vote  
  
3301-06-01   
  
Members of Congress from across the Federation have made their way to Mars today, in response to Shadow President Hudson's call for a Vote of No Confidence Against the current administration.  
  
For months now, the Shadow President has been involved in an intense lobbying campaign against President Halsey and her administration. The Shadow President has pointed to the loss of dozens of member states to the Alliance, a rampant increase in crime rates, and a defanged Federal Navy as some of the more devastating effects of Jasmina's time in office.  
  
However, now that President Halsey no longer appears to be a concern, Congress could decide to allow Acting President Winters to assume the office of President in Jasmina's stead. Felicia Winters has always been very popular amongst Congress, even before her ascension to the office of Secretary of State. Now that she's assumed the role of Acting President, it's could be possible that her peers will elect to see what kind of leader Felicia will be.  
  
Members of Congress will be permitted to cast their vote at any time in the next 12 hours. Last-minute lobbying efforts from both sides are expected to be extremely intense, although pundits believe that Shadow President Zachary Hudson will almost certainly carry the day.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Engineers’ Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-09-28   
  
A spokesperson for Aegis has announced that its appeal for Thargoid-related materials has reached a successful conclusion. Huge quantities of material were delivered to Awyra Flirble and Obsidian Orbital over the past week, following an enthusiastic response from the galactic community. They will now be delivered to the engineers Liz Ryder and Ishmael Palin so they can start work on new technologies to address the mounting Thargoid threat.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, the spokesperson issued a brief statement:  
  
“Initiatives of this kind are a mainstay of the galactic economy, but this campaign is of singular importance. Humanity is faced with a clear threat to its safety, and we must do everything we can to oppose it.”  
  
“Furthermore, if we are to successfully resist the Thargoids, we will need to develop more advanced technologies. This will not be the last campaign of this kind.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Awyra Flirble in the Eurybia system and Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
# Far God Cult under Investigation  
  
3304-08-03   
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has launched an investigation into the Far God cult. Several members of the sect have been arrested for interrogation.  
  
Senior Agent Micah Whitefield of the FIA released this statement:  
  
“Given the organisation’s proclaimed interest in the Thargoids, it is vital that we confirm they are not in contact with Thargoid forces, or being influenced by them. The FIA is working with local security agencies across many systems to ascertain the truth.”  
  
The Rewired news service has broadcast footage of armed Federal troops forcing their way into the cult’s hive-chapels and dragging cult members into armoured vehicles. There was no sign of resistance from the Far God adherents.   
  
Other video feeds show groups of citizens trying to shield the Far God worshippers, while rival groups can be seen cheering on the soldiers.  
  
Juanita Bishop, who runs a campaign against the Far God sect, told the media:  
  
“We knew these foul cultists were Thargoid spies. Now we’re going to be proved correct. They should have been rounded up and executed weeks ago.”  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# The Loss of Starship One Linked to Mechanical Failure  
  
3301-06-02   
  
The Federal Navy has today released its official report into the disappearance of Starship One. As expected, the 600,000 word document provides a detailed analysis of the inner workings of Starship One.  
  
The report confirms that the abnormal energy signature detected by Guardian Wing Alpha, immediately prior to Starship One’s last known jump, was almost certainly caused by mechanical failure. The report includes an in depth comparison with the failure of the Highliner Antares and concludes there were remarkable similarities in the unusual failure mode, and it is still unclear why the automatic shutdown systems did not operate (most of which were not present on the Antares). The failure began with a power surge in the central power plant – something not especially unusual in a high capacity hydrogen reactor – causing several other core systems to overload.   
  
Despite going over hours of evidence, including video feeds detailing the last several days of life aboard all four ships of Starflight One, investigators were not able to identify any signs of foul play. In the end, the team has concluded that the cause of Starship One’s loss was a complex multi-stage engine failure.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-06-01   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Community Goal:  Setting up the Candy Shop  
  
3303-09-28   
  
The Candy Crew Guild, an independent corporate organisation based in the Irusan system, has announced plans to establish a capital shipyard and a scientific research vessel in its home system. It has placed an open order for various commodities for use in the construction.  
  
Commander Raijiin, head of the organisation, elaborated on the nature of the campaign.  
  
“We need quantities of palladium, titanium and robotics, and we encourage all able and willing pilots to assist us.”  
  
“We are expecting the initiative to attract agitators, but security in the system has been increased and many of our own wings are patrolling the trade lanes, to ensure no crime goes unpunished.”  
  
The Candy Crew Guild has promised to reward pilots who deliver the requested commodities to Bella Port in the Irusan system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 28th of September 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: The Dangerous Games Begin  
  
3302-06-02   
  
The galaxy is home to countless factions, some boasting thousands of members and others comprising only a handful of individuals. Some exist to serve the galactic community, while others follow more antagonistic dogmas. For almost every creed in human space, there is a corresponding faction.  
  
Recent reports indicate that the largest of these factions have gained such significant levels of power and influence that they are on the cusp of being recognized as powers in their own right. This development coincides with mounting speculation that the empire of Pirate Lord Archon Delaine, once the most formidable power in the Pegasi Sector, is on the brink of collapse.  
  
With a paradigm shift looming, the largest of the galaxy's factions have taken the unprecedented step of organising a semi-official competition for the right to be recognised as an official power. The name of this competition? The Dangerous Games.  
  
Trinity Avon, a reporter for The Sovereign, elaborated on the nature of the event:  
  
"There are five factions competing in the Dangerous Games: the Alliance Elite Diplomatic Corps, the Border Coalition, GalCop, the Interstellar Communist Union and the Social Eleu Progressive Party. Between June and July 3302, these groups will participate in a series of community campaigns, giving the galaxy's independent pilots a chance to support their chosen faction.  
  
But these will not be the only factions taking part. With the start of the event still some weeks away, a number of smaller factions have begun competing for their chance to participate in the Dangerous Games. In the coming weeks, these factions will attempt to rally Commanders to their respective causes through a series of community-oriented events. Whichever faction successfully dominates its rivals in these 'Wildcard' events will enter the Dangerous Games, competing for the right to join the ranks of the galaxy's most powerful.  
  
The first Wildcard event requires pilots to fire up their mining lasers and gather gold for their chosen faction. The faction with the most gold at the end of the week-long campaign will be declared the victor of the first Wildcard heat. Naturally, pilots are also free to disrupt their rivals' efforts.  
  
The event begins on the 2nd of June 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-08-04   
  
Here are this week’s major stories.  
  
An attempt to assassinate Princess Aisling Duval has been prevented by the Imperial Internal Security Service. The attempt occurred in the Zhao system during a fundraising event. The IISS is analysing the explosives used in the attempt to determine their origin.  
  
Meanwhile, former rear admiral Riri McAllister has been shot. She is currently undergoing medical treatment. The incident took place at the Alliance Chamber of Justice on Turner’s World in the Alioth system. McAllister was on trial for organising acts of terrorism as Nexus, founder of the League of Reparation.   
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has launched an investigation into the Far God cult. Several members of the sect have been arrested. An FIA agent said that the purpose of the investigation was to confirm that the sect was not in contact with Thargoid forces, or being influenced by them.  
  
In other news, Aranbarahun Purple Creative, an independent organisation based in the Aranbarahun system, has announced plans to build a massive cargo ship to transport goods out of the booming system. In support of this goal, the organisation has placed an open order for various commodities, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Barnes Terminal in the Aranbarahun system.  
  
Celebrated author Olav Redcourt has cancelled the promotional tour for his latest novel. In a statement, the author said he was abandoning the historical-romance genre in favour of a new science-fiction saga. The author’s agent responded by underscoring that science-fiction is a niche genre with a tiny audience.  
  
Finally, the Alliance has announced that its appeal for mined resources has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community. Huge quantities of raw material were delivered to California Gateway over the past week, which will be used to construct an Ocellus starport in the MEL 22 Sector GM-V C2-8 system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Zachary Hudson Becomes the New President of the Federation  
  
3301-06-02   
  
The results are in and Zachary Hudson is the overwhelming choice for the new President of the Federation.  
  
A record number of attendees appeared in Congress on Mars to take part in yesterday's Vote of No Confidence against the Liberal Administration, with almost every member of Congress appearing in person to cast their vote.  
  
In the end, a shocking 66% of Congress voted to remove the Liberal Administration from office, a clear indicator that the collected Federal worlds feel a change in leadership style is necessary. Surprisingly, a large number of known Liberal supporters voted to remove their own leadership from power. Most commentators agree that this is a reflection on Halsey’s actions and the current unpopularity of Federal government among frontier systems. Winters needs to build her own supporter base before she can bring power back to the Liberals.  
  
President Hudson will be officially sworn into office later today, after which he is expected to spend the remainder of the week finalising his administration. Most of the previous Shadow Cabinet are expected to be included, although as always some change is inevitable.  
  
The Federal Republican Association has gained a massive swell of support over the last year. Now that President Hudson is officially in office, we can expect a much more aggressive stance on decision-making coming from Mars once the new administration is fully established.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Winged Hussars Appeal  
  
3303-09-28   
  
The Winged Hussars have announced plans to establish a recreational installation and a tourist beacon in the HIP 110028 system, next to a little-visited Earth-like world.  
  
The organisation has said it hopes to attract wealthy tourists from core systems such as Sol and Achenar – people who want to relax, but who also want to experience some adventure.   
  
The Winged Hussars are providing the materials for the new installation, but to cater to the tastes of their future clients they have asked for quantities of Lavian Brandy, Eranin Pearl Whisky, Kongga Ale, Leestian Evil Juice, Indi Bourbon and Bast Snake Gin. Pilots who deliver these intoxicants to Zander Dock in HIP 110028 system will be handsomely rewarded.  
  
A spokesperson for the group said:  
  
"This is a great opportunity to bring new business to one of the galaxy's border colonies. We are asking independent pilots for help, and we are prepared to offer very competitive prices for the liquors we have requested.  
  
The campaign begins on the 28th of September 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Bringing Order to Mehet  
  
3302-06-02   
  
Authorities in the Mehet system have reported that the number of criminals operating in the area has risen sharply over the past few months. Recent reports indicate that agitators have been attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, Mehet Ltd has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the Mehet system, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Schwann Dock.  
  
The campaign begins on the 2nd of June 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-08-07   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Brady City, Shouvul  
  
Cerulli Port, Setet  
  
Flagg Station, 41 Upsilon-4 Eridani  
  
Nagata Port, Setet  
  
North Dock, Amaunet  
  
Schmitt Platform, BD+08 642  
  
Tani Hub, Ainunnicori  
  
van der Riet Woolley Orbital, Jabugaly  
  
Vinci Ring, HIP 91085  
  
Younghusband Station, Miku  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Behnisch Terminal, HR 8202  
  
Caidin Base, Checha  
  
Chaviano Dock, Hapats  
  
Dantec Enterprise, Socho  
  
Glidden Enterprise, Narvert  
  
Kanwar Enterprise, Cerno  
  
Obruchev Orbital, Deive  
  
Pascal Platform, Ahayan  
  
Pordenone Port, Bonawen  
  
Sinisalo Holdings, HIP 18305  
  
Stackpole Platform, Manite  
  
Unity, New Yembo  
  
# Galaxy's Most Wanted: Who is Archon Delaine?  
  
3301-06-03   
  
Villain, murderer, madman. Titles with which Archon Delaine, the self-styled Pirate King, are all too familiar.  
  
37 years ago, Archon Delaine rose to prominence after brutally beating the Kumo Crew’s previous leader to death with his bare hands. Thus, at the tender age of 15, Archon assumed the role of Pirate Lord and began to cut a bloody swathe across the Pegasi sector.   
  
During the first 20 years of his rule, Archon Delaine faced a constant stream of challenges from upstarts and other crews alike. Each and every challenger was struck down, and as each one fell, the legend of Archon grew ever greater.  
  
Growing weary of the constant infighting, Archon oversaw a massive restructuring of his ‘family’. He turned them from a loosely affiliated rag-tag assortment of pirate crews into a single-minded killing machine whose only desire is to obey Archon’s every order. Under his leadership, the Kumo Crew has gone from being a feared local drug cartel to one of the most influential criminal syndicates in the galaxy.  
  
The systems he runs still function – in some cases better than before they were taken. The Kumo Crew rule by fear and are utterly intolerant of those who work against them, but in equal measure have been known to protect and reward those in the systems they have subjugated who have shown loyalty, brutally enforcing their own ruthlessly simple ethos.  
  
So far, Archon Delaine has only been active in the Pegasi sector, but some reports have begun to surface of Kumo Crew members beginning to move out of the sector.  
  
# Community Goal: Second Aegis Initiative  
  
3303-09-28   
  
Last week, Aegis started developing weapons and technologies to address the rising Thargoid threat. While some were dismayed to see Aegis shift to a military focus, the general consensus was that the move was necessary.  
  
Following news that Aegis is to embark on a second development initiative, Aegis' military liaison Admiral Aden Tanner released the following statement:  
  
"The Thargoids represent a very real threat, and their hostility demands that we take appropriate action. As with our previous initiative, our intention is to collaborate with some of the galaxy's foremost engineers to develop efficient anti-Thargoid technologies.  
  
In support of this aim, Aegis's corporate partners Wolf 397 Independents have pledged to reward pilots who deliver tantalum, Thargoid Cyclops tissue samples and CMM Composites to Chelbin Service Station in the Wolf 397 system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 28th of September and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Freelance Report: Canonn Institute Opens its Doors  
  
3302-06-03   
  
Humanity's newest and most advanced Unknown Artefact research centre, the Canonn Institute in Col 285 Sector IX-T d3-43, is finally open.  
  
Dr Arcanonn, under heavy guard, was the first to arrive at the opening ceremony, and he had this to say:  
  
"It is an amazing feeling to stand before after being in hiding for so long. After more than a year of work, the Canonn has become one of the most open, diligent and dedicated science organisations in inhabited space, and now we have an amazing research centre.  
  
"I want to thank those who supported the construction of the institute. I'm looking forward to repaying that faith by sharing the discoveries we make here!  
  
Dr Arcanonn finished by announcing an open order for UAs and meta-alloys to help initiate research at the institute.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Jarl Toredo Resigns from Unchain  
  
3304-08-08   
  
Campaigner Jarl Toredo has resigned from Unchain, the anti-slavery organisation he founded with Princess Aisling Duval.  
  
Unchain's press office released this statement:  
  
"We can confirm that Jarl Toredo has officially resigned from his position as co-chief executive officer, effective immediately. Princess Duval remains our patron and CEO. We wish Mr Toredo all the best with his future endeavours.  
  
Reema Falco, a journalist writing for The Imperial Herald, made these observations:  
  
"Considering Toredo's passionate rhetoric against Imperial slavery, it's surprising for him to abandon an organisation that he co-founded. The recent assassination attempt against Princess Duval at an Unchain fundraiser may have caused him to regret allying with such a volatile political figure.  
  
"As yet, there is no comment from Her Imperial Highness. This has led to speculation that there was a falling-out between the two. Rumours of a romance between them never quite went away, even after the princess's engagement to Jordan Rochester. Is this perhaps a jealous rival storming off in a fit of pique?  
  
Representatives from Unchain have said that their campaigning, fundraising and slave-liberation programmes will continue as normal.  
  
# Kumo Crew - Uniting the Pegasi Pirates  
  
3301-06-05   
  
The presence of Archon Delaine and the Kumo Crew has long plagued the people of the Pegasi sector, and now things have started to take a very serious turn for the worse.  
  
Having free reign for so long has emboldened Archon, who has set himself up as a self-styled Pirate King , demanding tribute and enforcing his will on the various other militant organisations operating throughout the Pegasi sector. Those who defy him find themselves shredded apart by a swarm of raging Kumo fighters.  
  
Many of the Pegasi pirate lords have begun taking orders from Archon. In doing so, they have likewise set themselves up as local warlords who enforce Archon’s will and taxes on those systems too weak to oppose them, while raiding, pillaging and pecking away at those that are not.  
  
Two crews in particular, the Hand Gang of Gandii and the Camorra of Krisha, are currently engaged in attempts to take direct control over systems within Archon's domain. If they succeed, they will be accepted as members of the Kumo Crew. If they fail, it is likely none of them will ever be seen again.  
  
Members of the Kumo Crew, potential allies and killers for credits alike are all invited to aid the Hand Gang of Gandii and the Camorra of Krisha in their attempts to take over Gandii and Krisha. Pirates wishing to share in the plunder can contact representatives of the crews aboard Lu Hub and Fincke Depot respectively.  
  
# Galactic News: Further Thargoid Attacks  
  
3303-09-29   
  
As Aegis’ first campaign to address the Thargoid threat concludes, reports have reached the core systems of further Thargoid attacks in the Pleiades.  
  
On this occasion, a number of Imperial and civilian ships were targeted, with the strikes taking place in HIP 17962, HR 1185, IH-V C2-5 and the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55. The violence is believed to have resulted in a number of human fatalities.  
  
As with the recent attack in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 system, data recovered from the sites indicates that the Thargoids attacked without provocation. Although some of the ships returned fire, none succeeded in destroying or damaging the Thargoid vessels.  
  
Professor Cora Shaw, director of the Palin Institute and an authority on xeno biology, commented on the news:  
  
“If the Thargoids believe they have some claim to the Pleiades, then what we’re seeing could be territorialism. But it’s equally possible that they see humanity as an enemy, irrespective of where they encounter us. At this stage it’s hard to draw any definite conclusions.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Canonn Institute Opens its Doors  
  
3302-06-03   
  
Humanity's newest and most advanced Unknown Artefact research centre, the Canonn Institute in Col 285 Sector IX-T d3-43, is finally open.  
  
Dr Arcanonn, under heavy guard, was the first to arrive at the opening ceremony, and he had this to say:  
  
"It is an amazing feeling to stand before after being in hiding for so long. After more than a year of work, the Canonn has become one of the most open, diligent and dedicated science organisations in inhabited space, and now we have an amazing research centre.  
  
"I want to thank those who supported the construction of the institute. I'm looking forward to repaying that faith by sharing the discoveries we make here!  
  
Dr Arcanonn finished by announcing an open order for UAs and meta-alloys to help initiate research at the institute.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Further Arrests of Far God Cultists  
  
3304-08-09   
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has apprehended further members of the Far God cult, to determine if they are communicating with the Thargoids.  
  
Media channels report a division in public opinion regarding the FIA's actions. Some see the arrests as illegal and tantamount to religious persecution. Others claim that the Far God worshippers have invited suspicion upon themselves, and that the detainments are justified.  
  
Dr Jameelah Griffin of the Galactic Interfaith Commune commented:  
  
"We strongly oppose this hostility against the Far God sect. These arrests are motivated by fear rather than evidence. We must fight for the civil rights of our fellow citizens, even if we do not share their beliefs.  
  
A prominent campaigner against the Far God cult, Juanita Bishop, told the media:  
  
"This is a victory for right-thinking people everywhere. Those warped alien-lovers are a blight on our system – one that should have been eradicated long ago.  
  
Senior Agent Micah Whitefield of the FIA stated:  
  
"This operation is purely a security matter. Under Federal law, any action that undermines enemy activity during wartime is legal, including the suspension of civil liberties. We are expanding our investigation to include all members of this organisation and anyone with a connection to it.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# Galaxy's Most Powerful People: Simguru Pranav Antal  
  
3301-06-06   
  
As heir to the legacy of Simguru Rishi Antal, the master of transcendental technology, Pranav has a lot to live up to. There are many people who thought that Utopia, along with its various projects and subsidiaries, would inevitably fall apart once Rishi was no longer leading them. Pranav has proved them all wrong.  
  
Pranav, known as Simguru Antal to his followers, not only managed to maintain the original Utopian Commune, he has actually expanded the Utopian Commune Programme to include Polevnic, Neris, Hip 117972 and Hip 1389. Never one to rest on his laurels, Pranav is already planning on expanding Utopia’s reach into another half a dozen systems in the very near future.  
  
“We live in an imperfect world, one constructed from the chaos that is this universe’s random nature,” Simguru Antal told GalNet.   
  
“The struggle of men and women to impose order through innovation and understanding is the key to humanity’s ultimate happiness. The advancement of our species towards that inevitable point of peace and prosperity is not only my love, my passion, it is my very reason for being. It is the reason that all of us are here. To make our dreams, and our passions, become a reality.”  
  
“If Utopia is to succeed, we must be driven by our righteous desires, not by our base ones. After all, it is only through mastering ourselves that we can hope to master the worlds around us.”  
  
# Galactic News: Report from the Front Lines  
  
3303-09-29   
  
Many independent pilots have already taken to their ships to test the anti-Thargoid weaponry recently developed by Aegis. Meanwhile, Aegis has assembled a team of specialists to analyse the results of these encounters and determine the new weapons’ efficacy.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’ military liaison, said:  
  
“The weapons are working as intended, but the Thargoid vessels are highly resilient. Even with specialised weaponry, it appears their ships can be destroyed only through collective efforts.”  
  
“We have received reports of lone pilots, and even small groups, being utterly annihilated by the Thargoids. This tragic news illustrates that although the new weapons are effective, more work must be done if we are to achieve military parity.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Fresh Fruit Meets Bitter Harvest  
  
3302-06-07   
  
Speaking from the Canonn Interstellar Research Institute, Dr Arcanonn has commented on the current state of barnacle research and lauded the discovery of harvesting sites in the California Nebula:  
  
"Once again, the efforts of an independent explorer have resulted in an exciting discovery. Thanks to Commander Wobblytickle's report from California Sector DL-Y D4 C6, the long-suspected presence of barnacles in the California Nebula has now been confirmed.  
  
But Dr Arcanonn's tone grew notably cooler when speaking about the barnacles of the Pleiades Nebula:  
  
"The loss of several barnacles – whether through destruction or exhaustion – is naturally of concern to those of us investigating this enigma.  
  
Commander Nicholas Powell  
  
# Aranbarahun Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-08-09   
  
A spokesperson for Aranbarahun Purple Creative has announced that its campaign to build a cargo ship has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Scores of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Barnes Terminal and by eliminating agitators in Aranbarahun, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Barnes Terminal in the Aranbarahun system.  
  
# A Vision of the Future  
  
3301-06-06   
  
For decades, the Utopian compound on Antal was seen as a place where people could visit the future. Technology that was years ahead of its time was openly on display for anyone to see. The secrets uncovered by the Utopian engineers were made freely available for study, regardless of the factional leanings of those who wished to explore their mysteries.  
  
That freedom of information, that willingness to share knowledge and ideas, is what has allowed Utopia to grow into a living network of technological communes that will help lead the galaxy towards a better tomorrow.  
  
In the last five years, hundreds of thousands of scientists, programmers and engineers have begun their journey into the Utopian lifestyle. Their hard work and dedication has been rewarded with a wealth of new technologies that will revolutionise the galaxy once mass production has been achieved.  
  
Of course, mass production is difficult without the right materials to do the job. Utopia estimates its workshops require around 30 million tonnes of assorted metals per month. So far, no single supplier has been able to meet their requirements. As such, Utopia will be offering a range of bonuses each month to any interstellar traders who bring the Utopians a large supply of metal.  
  
Those interested in offering assistance to the Utopian Project are asked to deliver metals to Lobachevsky Station in Antal.  
  
# Galactic News: Further Thargoid Attacks  
  
3303-09-30   
  
As Aegis’s first campaign to address the Thargoid threat concludes, reports have reached the core systems of further Thargoid attacks in the Pleiades.  
  
On this occasion, a number of Imperial and civilian ships were targeted, with the strikes taking place in HIP 17225, HR 1185, IH-V C2-5 and the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55. The violence is believed to have resulted in a number of human fatalities.  
  
As with the recent attack in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55 system, data recovered from the sites indicates that the Thargoids attacked without provocation. Although some of the ships returned fire, none succeeded in destroying or damaging the Thargoid vessels.  
  
Professor Cora Shaw, director of the Palin Institute and an authority on xenobiology, commented on the news:  
  
“If the Thargoids believe they have some claim to the Pleiades, then what we’re seeing could be territorialism. But it’s equally possible that they see humanity as an enemy, irrespective of where they encounter us. At this stage it’s hard to draw any definite conclusions.”  
  
# Pleiades Rescue Operation  
  
3304-08-09   
  
After sustained Thargoid attacks on civilian targets in the Pleiades Nebula, system authorities have launched a rescue operation to locate and recover survivors.  
  
The operation is being coordinated by Superintendent Marla Poulsen of Aegis Research, who made this announcement:  
  
"System authorities in the Pleiades have been channelling their resources into combating the Thargoid menace. As a result, search-and-rescue initiatives have been neglected, but we are determined to plug that gap. That means a lot of civilians rescued from escape pods, which also means a lot of hungry mouths to feed, so we'll need to bolster our current food stocks as a precautionary measure.  
  
Pilots are requested to recover occupied escape pods and damaged escape pods. In addition, the following food resources are also required: fruit and vegetables, grain and food cartridges. Both recovered pods and food stocks should be delivered to Donar's Oak in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 9th of August 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Freelance Report: Fuel Rat Destroyed  
  
3302-06-07   
  
A flight recording has surfaced revealing the destruction of a Fuel Rat rescue vessel.  
  
Two Fuel Rat pilots responded to an emergency call and refuelled an apparently stranded Python. One Fuel Rat jumped out of the system, but the Python pilot made his move before the second could follow. The footage shows that the attack was swift and came without warning, and resulted in the destruction of the Fuel Rat vessel.  
  
The attacker claims to have been collecting a bounty set by another Commander, who has denied the claim. Regardless of the ultimate truth, both pilots have since been the target of manhunts. The long-term consequences of this incident remain to be seen.  
  
Commander Rorican  
  
# The Rising Cost of Getting High  
  
3301-06-07   
  
The Rising Cost of Getting High  
  
  
  
In reaction to the changing political landscape in the Federation, many systems have begun taking a much firmer stance against the supply and distribution of illegal narcotics.  
  
Traditionally, prohibition has served to do nothing more than increase the risk and reward for those involved in the trade of prohibited materials. This time appears to be no different.  
  
With the supply no longer adequately able to meet the demand, many buyers are being forced to pay prices that would have been unimaginable just weeks ago.   
  
While stricter penalties and additional costs may be enough to dissuade infrequent users, for the vast majority the question of cost is less an issue of if, and more a question of how.   
  
Smugglers across the galaxy have seen their profits rise by as much as 5000% in the last couple of weeks, with many expecting that profits will continue to rise, as more and more systems begin to crack down on the delivery of illicit goods to their stations.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Report from the Front Lines  
  
3303-09-30   
  
Many independent pilots have already taken to their ships to test the anti-Thargoid weaponry recently developed by Aegis. Meanwhile, Aegis has assembled a team of specialists to analyse the results of these encounters and determine the new weapons’ efficacy.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s military liaison, said:  
  
“The weapons are working as intended, but the Thargoid vessels are highly resilient. Even with specialised weaponry, it appears their ships can be destroyed only through collective efforts.”  
  
“We have received reports of lone pilots, and even small groups, being utterly annihilated by the Thargoids. This tragic news illustrates that although the new weapons are effective, more work must be done if we are to achieve military parity.”  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-06-08   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Rogue Robot Missing  
  
3304-08-10   
  
A malfunctioning mining robot has run amok through a settlement on Homeland in the Beta Hydri system.  
  
The robot in question was a MacArthur Mining Ltd DG090 model, designed to extract and process minerals from asteroids. It was one of ten brand-new robots being loaded onto an orbital cargo shuttle.  
  
Video feeds show the huge machine self-activating and breaking out of its container. It used its mining lasers, fusion drills and excavator claws to carve a path across the landing field. The robot then burrowed into the ground and disappeared.  
  
Security Chief Sara Kulkarni gave the following statement to the media:  
  
"Sensor drones are performing subterranean scans, but have not yet located the robot. We have therefore declared a regional state of emergency. Should the machine accidentally rupture a water main or pierce an underground power line, the potential for significant damage – even loss of life – is high.  
  
Director Chen Emerson of MacArthur Mining Ltd made this statement:  
  
"We are shocked by this incident, and an urgent inquiry is underway. The DG090 series is highly reliable and has never malfunctioned before. Our theory is that, due to human error, the unit was placed in the incorrect standby mode, and that stray signals from a nearby comms network triggered a preset program. We are supporting all efforts to locate the robot and shut it down.  
  
# The Dukes of Mikunn Unveil Mercenary’s Respite  
  
3301-06-08   
  
The Dukes of Mikunn Unveil Mercenary’s Respite  
  
  
  
Thanks to the efforts of the Mercenaries of Mikunn, who were assisted in their endeavour to colonise a previously uninhabited region of space by hundreds of independent commanders, the Dukes of Mikunn are pleased to announce the opening of a new station in the area previously known as COL 285 Sector VG-1 B24-6.   
  
Over 1 million tonnes of metal were collected in Kwatee last month to help construct “Mercenary’s Respite,” the Duke’s newest Coriolis station. Remoteness from major high-tech hubs and attempts at bureaucratic power plays by the Law Party of HR 7327 are blamed for the delay in opening the Duke’s latest military installation.   
  
The Law Party’s assistance in constructing the station was initially offered in order to forge a lasting peace with the Dukes as part a cease-fire agreement in regards to HR 7327. Ironically, the Law Party lost an election to the Dukes during the truce, leading to the Dukes gaining control of both HR 7327 and COL 285 Sector VG-1 B24-6.   
  
B24-6, as the locals call it, has been renamed “Sefrys” in honour of a fallen Mercs commander.   
  
The Dukes of Mikunn urge all those who may have business with either the Dukes or the Mercs to contact their agents aboard Mercenary's Respite in order to make the appropriate arrangements.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-10-03   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of disruptive Thargoid technology.  
  
The following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Eyharts Terminal, Carmenta  
  
Fanning Vision, 9 Ceti  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Trevithick Orbital, Thoth  
  
Garcia Station, LO Pegasi  
  
Matthews Station, Othiti  
  
Behnisch Terminal, HR 8202  
  
Joliot-Curie Gateway, Wailaroju  
  
Jahn Station, Naren  
  
# Community Goal: Narcotics for the Crom Silver Boys  
  
3302-06-09   
  
Those who have explored the trade routes of Wolf 1301 will undoubtedly recall 'wolf fesh', the popular psychoactive drug that was once produced in the system. Although originally legal, when control of the system changed last year the drug was banned, and production was immediately halted. Wolf fesh disappeared from galactic trade routes almost overnight.  
  
But now it seems that the drug is about to make a return. Notorious crime syndicate the Crom Silver Boys, known for targeting traders and miners from their secret base in the Crom system, claim to have procured the secret recipe for the drug, and have announced plans to produce a new variant.  
  
The organisation has already stockpiled the necessary common ingredients, but to begin production it needs a quantity of rarer elements found only in other narcotics. The Crom Silver Boys have therefore placed an open order for the requisite intoxicants, and have promised to reward those who deliver the much-needed goods to Walheim Enterprise in the Herthe system.  
  
Most of the requested commodities are illegal in Herthe, and the system's security forces have vowed to interdict and search any suspicious vessels. The Crom Silver Boys have advised pilots participating in the operation to exercise caution.  
  
The campaign begins on the 9th of June 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The Death of Nexus?  
  
3304-08-10   
  
A medical ship transporting the injured Riri McAllister has vanished and is presumed destroyed. Former rear admiral McAllister was on trial on Turner's World for her crimes as Nexus, the founder of terrorist group the League of Reparation. After being shot by the daughter of the assassinated Senator Nestor Cartesius, McAllister was to be taken to an advanced medical facility.  
  
Deputy Inspector Mara Klatt made this statement:  
  
"Having lost contact with the vessel we despatched ships to its last known location. We found only debris, suggesting the ship was attacked and either vaporised or hijacked. Either way, we assume the transport's crew to be dead.  
  
"This may have been another act of vengeance from those affected by the League's fanaticism. Alternatively, someone connected to the League may have wanted to silence McAllister to prevent her from revealing information. It's also plausible that this was a rescue mission, and that McAllister was liberated by surviving members of the League.  
  
"The League of Reparation is no longer considered a threat. As such, the tri-superpower taskforce formed to investigate them has been disbanded. Agents from Alliance Interpol, the Federal Intelligence Agency and the Imperial Internal Security Service have returned to their regular duties.  
  
"Meanwhile, Riri McAllister has been listed as missing rather than dead. Although her survival is unlikely, we cannot ignore the risk that the woman once known as Nexus may one day reappear to pursue her twisted beliefs.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# Emperor's Grace Reaffirms Loyalty to Patreus  
  
3301-06-08   
  
Emperor's Grace Reaffirms Loyalty to Patreus  
  
  
  
On the personal order of Varrwen Mako Brennus, all members of Emperor's Grace are instructed to extend their support to Senator Denton Patreus where possible.  
  
Senator Patreus demonstrated support for Emperor's Grace during recent unpleasant circumstances when senior members of Emperor's Grace stood accused of Treason. This unfounded and scurrilous accusation was disproven before the Imperial Senate. Moreover, Emperor's Grace was instrumental in finding the criminals behind the recent assassination attempt on Emperor Duval.   
  
Explaining the decision to extend support to Senator Patreus, Admiral Brennus declared to a packed audience that "we never forget our friends and we always remember our enemies.  
  
Commander Light Fingers  
  
Imperial Security Service Lead  
  
Emperor's Grace  
  
# Galactic News: Thargoids Adapting Rapidly  
  
3303-10-03   
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’ chief military liaison, has released a statement confirming that the Thargoids have begun adapting to the weapons and tactics developed to combat them.  
  
Admiral Tanner’s statement is reprinted in full below.  
  
“Preliminary reports indicate that although the AX missiles were inflicting significant damage on the Thargoid ships’ ‘heart’ modules, they are now proving less effective. We believe this is due to the Thargoids developing a resistance to the compound carried by the missiles. I am optimistic, however, that the current Aegis initiative will produce weapons capable of overcoming this resistance.”  
  
“Second, we have been informed that the Thargoids are now able to lock onto ships that have deployed countermeasures, although exactly how they are doing this is not yet understood.”  
  
“Previously, Thargoid ships responded to strategic withdrawal by advancing towards the target, even when attacked with missiles. But recent reports indicate that they have started dodging such attacks, particularly when engaged at long range. Finally, the drones deployed by the Thargoid ships have become more accurate, which substantially increases the risk they present to smaller craft.”  
  
“These developments illustrate that we are dealing with a highly intelligent enemy capable of rapidly adapting to our weapons and tactics, and underscore the importance of Aegis’ ongoing anti-Thargoid initiative.”  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored to Mehet  
  
3302-06-09   
  
Mehet Ltd has announced that its campaign to clear the Mehet system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Following the success of the operation, Mehet Ltd released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"Thanks to the brave Commanders of the Pilots Federation, Mehet is now free from the depredations of criminals and agitators. On behalf of the people of Mehet, we would like to express our gratitude.  
  
Rewards for those who contributed to the initiative are now available for collection at Schwann Dock.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-08-13   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
A ship transporting former rear admiral Riri McAllister has vanished. McAllister, also known as Nexus, was on trial for her crimes as the founder of terrorist group the League of Reparation. While it is likely that the ship was destroyed by the League's enemies, the possibility that McAllister was liberated by surviving members of the League has not been ruled out.  
  
Meanwhile, campaigner Jarl Toredo has resigned from Unchain, the anti-slavery organisation he founded with Princess Aisling Duval. His resignation has prompted speculation about a possible disagreement between him and Duval, with commentators citing earlier rumours of a romance between the pair.  
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has apprehended further members of the Far God cult, to determine if the sect is communicating with the Thargoids. Some see the arrests as tantamount to religious persecution, while others claim that the Far God worshippers have invited suspicion upon themselves, and that the detainments are justified.  
  
In other news, a malfunctioning mining robot has run amok through a settlement on Homeland in the Beta Hydri system. Sensor drones are now searching for the robot, which tunnelled underground after breaking out of its container. Security personnel are hoping to find the machine before it causes any serious damage.  
  
After sustained Thargoid attacks on civilian targets in the Pleiades Nebula, system authorities have launched a rescue operation to locate and recover survivors. Pilots have been asked to help with the operation, and also to contribute foods so those rescued can be adequately fed.  
  
Finally, a spokesperson for Aranbarahun Purple Creative has announced that its campaign to build a cargo ship has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Scores of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Barnes Terminal and by eliminating agitators in Aranbarahun, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Orden de Comandantes Imperiales Capture Kamocan for Princess  
  
3301-06-08   
  
Orden de Comandantes Imperiales Capture Kamocan for Princess  
  
  
  
The famous Hispanic chivalric order has been operating day and night to ensure that Kamocan turns its allegiance to Princess Arissa Lavigny-Duval. The noblemen of the Orden de Comandantes Imperiales have been working hard to turn Kamocan to the support of the Princess, and after an extended campaign, the Orden de Comandantes Imperiales is pleased to announce that Kamocan has now officially entered the Imperial fold.  
  
This area of Imperial space is highly populated with people from Hispanic backgrounds, many of whom have now sworn to follow the Princess Lavigny-Duval in her quest to restore law and order to the Empire.  
  
The Orden de Comandantes Imperiales are confident that their systems will prosper through the influence of their beloved leader, the only real heir to the Throne.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Third Aegis Initiative  
  
3303-10-05   
  
Aegis has announced the third phase of its programme to counter the Thargoid threat, and is once again turning to the galactic community for the necessary Thargoid-related materials.  
  
As the campaign began, Aegis' Head of Research, Professor Alba Tesreau, released the following statement:  
  
"We are facing a technologically superior enemy, and it is essential that we redress the balance. But for each new device we develop, we need huge quantities of Thargoid material so we can calibrate the technology and ensure its efficacy.  
  
The initiative has received financial support from the Wyrd Jet Power Industries, which has pledged to reimburse pilots who deliver Thargoid Cyclops tissue samples, micro controllers and explosives to Vonarburg Co-operative in the Wyrd system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 5th of October and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: EG Pilots Dominate First Wildcard Event  
  
3302-06-09   
  
Last week saw the start of a three-week campaign to determine which of the galaxy's minor factions would earn a place in the forthcoming Dangerous Games. The victor of the so-called 'Wildcard' competition will go on to vie for the right to be recognised as an official power.  
  
The first Wildcard event required pilots to fire up their mining lasers and gather gold for their chosen faction. Predictably, the week-long event saw no small measure of conflict, with pilots doing everything they could to disrupt their rivals' operations.  
  
The final tally indicates that the EG Pilots received the largest quantity of gold. But whether or not this will result in ultimate victory remains to be seen, as it will not be clear which faction has received the most support until the end of the three-week campaign.  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-08-14   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Caidin Base, Checha  
  
Chaviano Dock, Hapats  
  
Dantec Enterprise, Socho  
  
Kanwar Enterprise, Cerno  
  
Obruchev Orbital, Deive  
  
Pascal Platform, Ahayan  
  
Pordenone Port, Bonawen  
  
Sinisalo Holdings, HIP 18305  
  
Stackpole Platform, Manite  
  
Unity, New Yembo  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Chiang Port, Gero Kiaku  
  
Suri Gateway, Vesuvit  
  
Scott Station, HIP 93685  
  
Salgari Enterprise, Mawa  
  
Wakata Port, Wandjera  
  
Bruce Enterprise, Kabiku  
  
Kubasov Station, HIP 90112  
  
McDonald Platform, Hamlet's Harmony  
  
Thirsk Enterprise, Montet  
  
# Hudson Set to Target Traffickers  
  
3301-06-09   
  
Hudson Set to Target Traffickers  
  
  
  
In the face of President Hudson’s recent rise to power, the value of illicit goods has skyrocketed throughout the galaxy in anticipation of a crackdown on illegal commodities that are traditionally transported via the Federation. Dealers of all stripes have seen their profits soar over the last week, with hundreds of new millionaires being minted off the back of President Hudson’s perceived stance against criminal commodities.  
  
With the President’s appointment of his new administration now complete, sources close to Hudson have revealed to GalNet that an increase in security spending is very high on his agenda.   
  
“Things are about to get very difficult for traffickers,” one anonymous aide told the Mars Tribune.   
  
“The President’s ordered a bunch of those new Diamondback Scouts to act as short range interceptors for local security services. They don’t pack much of a punch on their own, but you try and outrun a swarm of angry Diamondbacks followed up by a couple of Viper wings and see how well you do.”  
  
“’Course if you do outrun them, say hello to the Navy. A month from now, two months top, the war against drugs will be done and dusted. You mark my words.”   
  
Prices of illegal narcotics had just started to stabilise after a week of frantic black market trading, and this latest news could well send prices spiking up again as dealers across the galaxy try to unload their stash before the expected galaxy-wide lockdown begins.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Second Aegis Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-10-05   
  
A spokesperson for Aegis has announced that its appeal for Thargoid-related materials has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots took to their ships to deliver material to Chelbin Service Station, which will be used to develop new anti-Thargoid technologies.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Admiral Aden Tanner released the following statement:  
  
“Those who supported this initiative have my gratitude. With each new discovery, humanity becomes stronger. But we still have a long way to go.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Chelbin Service Station in the Wolf 397 system.  
  
# Community Goal: Wildcard Competition Continues  
  
3302-06-09   
  
The first stage of the Dangerous Games 'Wildcard' competition is over, and the second is about to begin. For this heat, pilots have been asked to head to the Bjorti system and deploy their hardpoints for a bounty-hunting contest. The faction that accumulates the most bounty vouchers during the week-long event will be declared the winner.   
  
The Dangerous Games Wildcard competition will run for a total of three weeks, and the victor will go on to vie for the right to be recognised as an official power.  
  
The event begins on the 9th of June 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Rogue Robot Located  
  
3304-08-15   
  
A mining robot that went out of control on Homeland in the Beta Hydri system has been located and disabled.  
  
The MacArthur Mining Ltd DG090 machine disappeared after self-activating and tunnelling underground. It remained lost for several days before being discovered over a hundred kilometres from where it malfunctioned.  
  
Security Chief Sara Kulkarni gave this report:  
  
"Our sensor drones detected the robot as it surfaced in the Blue Peaks mountain range. We believe it was obeying its primary programming by homing in on mineral ores. Federal Navy gunships were immediately dispatched. Once located, the robot was partially destroyed from the air before it could cause any further damage.  
  
Director Chen Emerson of MacArthur Mining Ltd commented:  
  
"An inspection of the robot's remains confirmed our suspicion that it had been placed in the incorrect standby mode. Its comms array was then disrupted by local signals, activating a pre-set mining program. The DG090 series is very reliable, and this unfortunate incident should not be perceived as a blemish on its excellent reputation.  
  
# The Federation Unites in the Face of Tragedy  
  
3301-06-09   
  
The Federation Unites in the Face of Tragedy   
  
  
  
Despite some fear that the recent change in leadership would lead to further destabilisation of the Federation, it seems that on the whole, the majority of Federal worlds are content to wait and see what kind of President Zachary Hudson turns out to be.  
  
Political pundits and sociologists alike had expressed concerns that since the disappearance of former President Jasmina Halsey, the Federation would almost certainly go through a period of internal strife while the landscape of Federal power adjusted to the new reality.   
  
To everyone’s surprise, the situation on the ground has actually stabilised since President Hudson assumed office. It would seem that in the face of tragic loss, personal politics have been put aside, and the overwhelming majority of Federal organisations have chosen to stand united for the good of the Federation.  
  
How long this new coalition will last remains to be seen, but for now at least, Federal residents can rest easy knowing that for this brief moment in time, the Federation stands united for the good of all mankind.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Growing Independence  
  
3303-10-05   
  
When the S'jett family was driven out of its home system by Federal-Imperial conflict, it established a new an independent faction in HIP 104292 – the Kuun-Lan.  
  
Since then, the Kuun-Lan has gone from strength to strength. But while its new home has become a haven for miners and traders, one thing is missing: a reliable source of food. The Kuun-Lan has therefore announced plans to establish an agricultural network in HIP 104292, and is calling on the galactic community for support.  
  
The organisation has reserved generous reimbursements for pilots who contribute atmospheric processors, crop harvesters, land enrichment systems, building fabricators, animal monitors and aquaponic systems to the initiative.  
  
A spokesperson for the group released the following statement:  
  
"We hope the galactic community will heed our call and help us secure our independence. If we can successfully complete this campaign, we can improve living standards for millions of people.  
  
The campaign begins on the 5th of October 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Freelance Report: Old Worlds Zero-Gravity Rally  
  
3302-06-10   
  
Starport personnel across the Lave cluster are preparing for an increase in traffic, as pilots from the Buckyball Racing Club and the Elite Racers compete in their latest event. The 'Old World Hustle', which combines point-to-point rallies and zero-gravity aerobatics, runs from the 11th to the 19th of June 3302.  
  
Despite being held in low esteem by authorities, both the Buckyball Racing Club and the Elite Racers are privately acknowledged as providing a boost to commerce in systems where their events take place, particularly by the proprietors of station bars and the purveyors of outfitting services.  
  
"Insurance claims are good for business," said a salesman at the Lave Station shipyard, before hastily adding "although of course a pilot's safety is our primary concern.  
  
Commander furrycat  
  
# Eagle Eye Installations Offline  
  
3304-08-16   
  
Admiral Aden Tanner has confirmed reports that Aegis's Eagle Eye installations are offline.  
  
The development is the result of Thargoid-sensor related interference at Dantec Enterprise, home of Aegis Core, which has neutralised Aegis's ability to transmit data to the orbital installations.  
  
The Eagle Eye installations play a vital role in countering Thargoid aggression by monitoring energy-level fluctuations at Thargoid surface sites. The data allows pilots to determine which systems the Thargoids intend to attack.  
  
Admiral Tanner elaborated on the issue in a brief statement:  
  
"With Dantec Enterprise experiencing widespread technical issues, it's impossible for us to communicate with the Eagle Eye installations. And unless the installations are fed a continuous stream of data, they are essentially useless.  
  
"The Eagle Eye installations are one of the most effective weapons we have in our war against the Thargoids, and we would be grateful to any pilots who could deliver meta-alloys to Dantec Enterprise, to help us get the starport back online.  
  
# Galactic News: Winged Hussars Appeal Comes to an End  
  
3303-10-05   
  
A spokesperson for the Winged Hussars has announced that its appeal for rare liquors was enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Zander Dock, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
A spokesperson for the Winged Hussars has issued the following statement:  
  
“I would like to thank the galactic community for its help, and assure them that their work will bring new business opportunities to this remote region of space. The border colonies are grateful for your efforts, Commanders!”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Zander Dock in the HIP 110028 system.  
  
# Federation Goes All In  
  
3301-06-10   
  
Federation Goes All In  
  
  
  
In late 3300, the small Federal system of Dahan found itself being used as a staging area for a prolonged military campaign against the independent nation of Eranin. Eventually, Eranin managed to force back the Federal invasion. Although not before heavy losses were incurred by both sides.  
  
This week that region once again became a hotbed, though this time of political activity, as both Federal and Alliance campaigners turned out in force in an attempt to exert their influence over the sector.  
  
Mahon supporters flooded the hallways of Dahan Gateway and Whitson Hub, choosing to focus their efforts on systems whose affections for the Federation could be called into question following the events of late last year. President Hudson’s supporters went head to head with the Alliance campaigners to support the Federation’s position aboard Dahan Gateway. With many an impassioned debate taking place between the two groups along the station’s promenade.   
  
Mahon supporters were successful in convincing many of the system’s residents that life within the Alliance did indeed sound better than having to send a large slice of their income off to Sol for little apparent return. Although in the end, typical Alliance bureaucracy (in the form of a lack of resources) means that Mahon’s supporters will be unable to capitalise on what appeared to be a sure-fire success.  
  
Therefore the real winner of the week’s campaigning currently looks set to be Shadow President Winters.   
  
Liberal and Republican Party members have been working around the clock to recruit new supporters in the Federal system of Aulin, with the liberals managing to just about take a lead in what has historically been a republican led state. Contracts are currently being drawn up to allow Shadow President Winters to set up a new command centre aboard Aulin Enterprise, and unless the republican party does something extraordinary to stop it, Friday will see the rise of a new liberal command centre in Aulin.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Where is Jaques Station?  
  
3302-06-13   
  
Jaques Station hit the headlines two weeks ago when it was reported that the galaxy's most famous travelling starport had disappeared. Jaques, the starport's owner and operator, had announced plans to jump from Gliese 1269 to Beagle Point. But when contact with the starport was lost, many feared the ambitious enterprise had resulted in disaster.  
  
Fortunately it seems the starport is still intact, even if its whereabouts remain unknown. Several outposts throughout inhabited space have reported receiving messages over the past 24 hours, suggesting that the cyborg and his travelling starport survived the attempted journey to Beagle Point.  
  
Unfortunately, however, the messages are extremely fragmentary, giving no clear indication of where the starport might be. One of the more complete messages reads as follows:  
  
"...witch-space...drive engines...station infrastructure intact but...we are...  
  
We will continue to bring you up-to-the-minute reports on this issue.  
  
# Billionaire Wins Lottery  
  
3304-08-16   
  
Renowned billionaire Zachary Rackham, owner of Rackham Capital Investments, has been confirmed as the winner of a lottery prize of one billion credits.  
  
Tori Theopolis, a spokesperson for the Federal Grand Lottery, announced:  
  
"Our annual galactic jackpot has been claimed and the winning ticket verified. Our congratulations to Mr Rackham – we hope he enjoys his billion-credit prize.  
  
Zachary Rackham, known in some circles as 'Calico Zack', told the media:  
  
"To be honest, this caught me by surprise. I only buy lottery tickets out of habit, a holdover from the days when I used to rattle around space in a rusty old Sidewinder. Naturally I'll be donating this windfall to various charitable programmes.  
  
The Federal Times published this observation from financial journalist Bryanna Blanco:  
  
"It's highly suspicious that a billionaire should play the lottery, and even more suspicious that he should win it. I'm sure that Calico Zack's accountants will indeed put this money to good use – paying the gargantuan bill for unpaid taxes recently submitted to his company. Once a pirate, always a pirate.  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# Community Goal: Secret Billionaires' Campaign  
  
3303-10-05   
  
The Secret Billionaires, an organisation based in I Carinae, have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in their system. The organisation has responded with a system-wide operation designed to remove the agitators and restore order. They have placed a kill order on all ships on their wanted list, and have promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Somerset Station.  
  
Secret Billionaires spokesperson Commander Afterglow said:  
  
"After one of our CFOs was pirated, the board decided that a cleanup was long overdue, and they immediately provided credit for an anti-piracy operation.  
  
"We're therefore in a position to offer generous rewards to pilots who help us clean up the system. With the support of the galactic community, we should be able to guarantee the safety of our fellow miners and traders.  
  
The campaign begins on the 5th of October 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Getting Serious About Tascheter  
  
3301-06-10   
  
Getting Serious About Tascheter  
  
  
  
It’s been a little over a week since Felicia Winters assumed control of the Federal Liberal Party, and it looks as if the Shadow President intends to start her time in office by taking on her ex-employer in a bid to stabilize the Federation’s interests in the Tascheter sector.  
  
Media agents working on behalf of the Shadow President are currently in the process of spreading information packages throughout the Oduduro system, with the hope being that once residents learn of the Shadow President’s new policies they will realise that their best option is to remain part of the Federation.  
  
Unfortunately for Shadow President Winters, representatives of the Sirius Corporation have been extremely busy in the neighbouring system of Akkadia. Sirius has strong business connections with several Akkadian organisations, including Akkadia Inc and Akkadia Crimson Allied Organisation, both of which have been extremely receptive to Sirius’s overtures regarding a potential merger.  
  
Both galactic powers have enjoyed success in swaying the population of their respective target systems, but in the end, only one power will be able to establish themselves as the most influential voice in the Tascheter Sector. While relations between the two groups have remained cordial thus far, everything is expected to change as both sides begin to make their final preparations to see who will successfully stake their claim over the region.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-06-15   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# New Computer Designs Announced  
  
3304-08-16   
  
Federal Times journalist Harlow Nassry has highlighted two new personal computer designs currently in development:  
  
"For a long time, the Sirius and Achilles corporations have been the main suppliers of personal computing devices, but two smaller companies are aiming to challenge that monopoly.  
  
"The first company, Supratech, is working on a revolutionary design called the Torc, a flexible ring that coils around the user's wrist or neck. It uses high-resolution holographic projectors to surround the user with illuminated displays and motion-sensitive interfaces.  
  
"The second company, Herculean Machines, has taken a more down-to-earth approach. The Duradrive is a chunky, durable tablet designed to withstand rough handling. Herculean has promised a range of peripherals, allowing users to custom-build their own version of the device.  
  
"Both companies plan to reveal prototypes of their designs at a technology expo in October. But can the market support two rival products? We'll no doubt be hearing more about the Torc and Duradrive in the near future.  
  
# Galactic News: Candy Crew Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-10-05   
  
A spokesperson for the Candy Crew Guild has announced that its appeal for palladium, titanium and robotics was enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Bella Port, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
The Candy Crew Guild has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
“We are extremely happy to announce that our plans have succeeded. Work on the Dan Gurney Drive Yards and the Cave Johnson Memorial Science Lab has begun, and these facilities will soon be fully operational. Thank you to all those who supported this initiative.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the campaign can now collect their rewards from Bella Port in the Irusan system.  
  
# Who is Brad Mitchell? The New Federal VP!  
  
3301-06-11   
  
Who is Brad Mitchell? The New Federal VP!  
  
  
  
After the phenomenal political upheaval of the last week and the handover to the new administration, we take a look at our new Vice President Brad Mitchell.  
  
He started as a travelling salesman, a rep for LTT 15449 Dynamic Incorporated, and rapidly climbed the ranks, ending up as President of Sales at Reyan BPS, becoming very wealthy before his move into politics. Brad Mitchell has a good reputation for getting things done, but has made enemies along the way.  
  
Having spent much of his early adult life travelling throughout Federal space on behalf of various interstellar corporations, the new VP is well versed in the needs of the Federal frontier systems, and he is well liked in those systems. It is a clear move by Hudson to show he plans to support the frontier on every level, and has been seen as a very positive move by many living along the Federal borders.  
  
# Galactic News: Engineers Reduce Requirements  
  
3302-06-16   
  
The 'Rewired' news feed is known for its prodigious output, sometimes releasing hundreds of stories a day. But balancing such productivity with thorough fact checking is a tall order, and the feed's critics sometimes claim that at least half its output consists of redactions, corrections and apologies.  
  
But despite these jibes, only the most obdurate critic would deny that Rewired has broken major stories in the past, its guerrilla style approach allowing it to react faster than some of its larger, more established rivals.  
  
The channel's latest report will interest many of the galaxy's independent pilots:  
  
"Word is that Broo Tarquin will now work with pilots who can bring him 50 units of Fugin Tea, instead of the 100 he used to ask for. And Didi Vatermann's only asking for 50 units of Lavian Brandy, which is a damn sight less than the 200 she previously insisted on. Seems it just got a whole lot easier to spec your ship.  
  
# Restoring Order in Kamici  
  
3304-08-16   
  
Authorities in the Kamici system have reported a distressing rise in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that these felons are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing mayhem.  
  
To counter this threat, Kamici Incorporated has placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Gaiman Port.  
  
The campaign begins on 16th of August 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Controlling the Credit Crops  
  
3301-06-11   
  
Controlling the Credit Crops   
  
  
  
A little over six months ago, the newly discovered naturally occurring plant known as Onionhead was made illegal throughout all of Federal space. Not long after, in an attempt to stop the spread of Onionhead, the Federation launched a violent campaign against the innocent farmers of Kappa Fornacis, led by the vocal Georgio Algeria. Federal marines invaded the farmers’ fields, and Federal battle cruisers rained fire from the skies.  
  
The now wealthy farmers managed to create a new strain of Onionhead, and so the spread started, working alone and with others, including the East India Company – an Imperial trade organisation in which Senator Zemina Torval is a major shareholder.  
  
In an attempt to warn the Imperial Senator away from Kappa Fornacis, President Hudson responded by directing a number of prominent Republican Party supporters to begin permanently establishing themselves in Autahenetsi, to change public opinion as a deterrent to farmers, smugglers and Imperials alike. Although at time of press, neither the East India Company nor Senator Zemina Torval appear to be particularly intimidated by the Federation’s efforts.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Thargoid Threat Continues to Escalate  
  
3303-10-06   
  
Numerous sources have reported that Thargoid activity has escalated dramatically in recent days, with attacks from Thargoid Interceptor-class ships becoming increasingly common in the Pleiades Nebula. Reports confirm that Imperial, Federal and civilian ships have all been targeted. Images captured by survivors of these attacks show Thargoid ships scanning wreckage and gathering debris, including occupied escape pods.  
  
As Aegis continues to analyse the results of these encounters, the organisation’s military liaison, Aden Tanner, released the following statement:  
  
“We are aware that the Interceptors have started capturing escape pods, although we currently have no way of knowing if this is a deliberate strategy or simply a symptom of curiosity. That is not to suggest, of course, that the Thargoids’ motives are benign, as it is clear they are not.”  
  
“Furthermore, the ships we have designated ‘Interceptors’ have started deploying clusters of attack drones, which swarm enemy ships while the Interceptor attacks from range. This significantly enhances the risk presented by the Thargoids, and I urge all pilots operating in the Pleiades to exercise caution.”  
  
“The question is: What is the Thargoids’ objective? All available resources will be directed to answering this question.”  
  
# Community Goal: Pranav Antal Requests Exploration Data  
  
3302-06-16   
  
Every year, thousands of people disappear into the vastness of space. Some simply venture out too far and lose their way. Others are abducted by pirates and sold into slavery, their identities irrevocably erased. Others still may suffer more mysterious fates.  
  
For many, these disappearances are a fact of life – an inescapable consequence of living among the stars. But Pranav Antal, leader of the technologically progressive enclave Utopia, is unwilling to simply accept such losses. The simguru, as he is known, has launched a campaign to gather exploration data with the aim of discovering why so many of those who traverse the depths of space vanish.  
  
"The purpose of this campaign is to acquire concrete information about these disappearances so we can do more to prevent them. But I must stress that even if we are able to locate missing individuals, it is likely that they will be too far from our base of operations to make rescue possible. This is an intelligence-gathering operation only.  
  
Utopian representatives have promised to reward pilots who deliver exploration data to Terry Port in the Garoku system. The campaign begins on the 16th of June 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Colonia Hydroponics Initiative  
  
3304-08-16   
  
Authorities in Colonia have decided to build a state-of-the-art hydroponics facility, due to research projecting a possible food shortage in the region.  
  
Professor Diana VanCleef, a scientific adviser to the Colonia Council, gave the following statement:  
  
"The growing populace of Colonia means we need to provide a reliable and sustainable source of food for the region. We aim to address this by building a new hydroponics facility that will serve Colonia for generations to come.  
  
The campaign is being run by Colonia Research Division, one of Colonia's partner organisations, which has asked pilots to deliver the requested mined resources to Templar Barracks in the Randgnid system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 16th of August 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Winters Sends Envoys to Utopia?  
  
3301-06-12   
  
Winters Sends Envoys to Utopia?   
  
  
  
In a move that many will see as being directly at odds with her predecessor’s hard-line stance against the spread of sim addiction in the Federation, emissaries of Shadow President Felicia Winters have been spotted meeting with representatives of Utopia aboard Tanner Settlement in Polevnic.  
  
GalNet reached out to the Shadow President to ask why her support staff were seen visiting the Utopian headquarters, but a spokesman brushed it off as routine.   
  
Political pundits have been quick to point out that visiting Utopia could be seen as a move to support sim fans – given Utopia’s strong connection to the sim gaming industry, though there are other rumours, fuelled by the call for a large order of assorted Metals to be delivered to Antal, has led economists to speculate that the Utopians may be looking to broaden their efforts into other markets.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Federation Withdraws from Pleiades  
  
3303-10-06   
  
Authorities in systems throughout the Pleiades Nebula have reported that the Federation has withdrawn its ships from the region. The development follows ongoing speculation regarding the Federal-Imperial cold war.  
  
The Federation first deployed ships to the Pleiades over two years ago, in a move that was widely interpreted as an attempt to control the region’s meta-alloys. The Empire responded by positioning several Majestic-class Interdictors in the Pleiades. A period of hostility ensued, with both superpowers engaging in a number of proxy conflicts.  
  
The Imperial Herald’s political correspondent, Daxton Sung, who has repeatedly written about the conflict, said:  
  
“There’s little doubt in my mind that the formation of Aegis served as a catalyst for this development, but the current wave of Thargoid hostility was probably the main cause. President Hudson is keenly aware that to continue to oppose the Empire, when humanity is faced with an alien threat, would do him no favours politically. So I’m not surprised by this development, although I will admit that I didn’t expect the Federation to make the first move.”  
  
Neither the Federation nor the Empire has commented on the issue, but it is expected that the Empire will also withdraw its ships from the Pleiades soon.  
  
Daxton Sung commented:  
  
“I don’t care how cynical Hudson’s motives are – this is good news. And we could certainly use some right about now.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Narcotics Appeal comes to an End  
  
3302-06-16   
  
A spokesperson for the Crom Silver Boys, a notorious crime syndicate, has released a statement confirming that its appeal for narcotics was eagerly received by the galactic community.  
  
Given the illicit nature of the operation, the exact number of participants is not known. But reports from the Herthe system indicate that hundreds of pilots contributed to the campaign, delivering controlled substances for the criminals' drug-production scheme.  
  
With the criminals' targets met, production of crom silver fesh is scheduled to begin immediately. The new narcotic will follow the closely guarded recipe for wolf fesh, the psychoactive drug formerly produced in the Wolf 1301 system. The Crom Silver Boys have promised to release the new commodity to the market at Chorel Survey as soon as possible.  
  
Jimmy 'Ice Pick' Falcone, spokesperson for the Crom Silver Boys, released a brief and slightly perplexing statement:  
  
"Crom silver fesh will soon be available to pilots who have proved we can trust them.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Walheim Enterprise in the Herthe system.  
  
# Aisling Duval's Secret Relationship Revealed  
  
3304-08-17   
  
Anti-slavery campaigner Jarl Toredo has disclosed that he and Princess Aisling Duval have been conducting a secret romantic relationship, despite her betrothal to Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester.  
  
Entertainment journalist Solomon Helios gave full details on his programme:  
  
"Following Jarl Toredo's resignation from Unchain, I offered to tell his side of the story. Although he declined a formal interview, he did disclose that he could no longer bear working alongside Princess Duval.  
  
"He admitted that he has been romantically involved with the princess since their first meeting several months ago. It seems they both felt it wise to keep the relationship a secret.  
  
"According to Toredo, the princess claimed not to have any romantic feelings for Ambassador Rochester, and insisted that the marriage was merely a means to advance her political plans. Initially Toredo accepted this, but it seems that after her engagement the princess became unreachable.  
  
"Toredo says that his and Aisling's love has been sidelined by her political schemes. Quite simply, he feels betrayed.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval gave this response to the media:  
  
"I am shocked that my good friend Solomon could believe such lies. It's obvious that Mr Toredo is being used by those who want rekindle the hostility between the Empire and the Federation. My relationship with Jordan Rochester is entirely genuine.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Thargoid Threat Continues to Escalate  
  
3303-10-07   
  
Numerous sources have reported that Thargoid activity has escalated dramatically in recent days, with attacks from Thargoid Interceptor-class ships becoming increasingly common in the Pleiades Nebula. Reports confirm that Imperial, Federal and civilian ships have all been targeted. Images captured by survivors of these attacks show Thargoid ships scanning wreckage and gathering debris, including occupied escape pods.  
  
As Aegis continues to analyse the results of these encounters, the organisation’s military liaison, Aden Tanner, released the following statement:  
  
“We are aware that the Interceptors have started capturing escape pods, although we currently have no way of knowing if this is a deliberate strategy or simply a symptom of curiosity. That is not to suggest, of course, that the Thargoids’ motives are benign, as it is clear they are not.”  
  
“Furthermore, the ships we have designated ‘Interceptors’ have started deploying clusters of attack drones, which swarm enemy ships while the Interceptor attacks from range. This significantly enhances the risk presented by the Thargoids, and I urge all pilots operating in the Pleiades to exercise caution.”  
  
“The question is: What is the Thargoids’ objective? All available resources will be directed to answering this question.”  
  
# Only The Strong Survive The Frontier  
  
3301-06-12   
  
Only The Strong Survive The Frontier  
  
  
  
A week ago the Hand Gang of Gandii and the Camorra of Krisha issued a call asking for allies of the Kumo Crew to aid them in overthrowing the authorities in their homelands. The results were... disappointing for the two criminal families.  
  
Recruitment was slow, with both crews failing to attract more than a few hundred freebooters to their cause. Their failure to recruit new blood proved to be particularly problematic for the Camorra of Krisha, who soon found themselves severely outgunned by the far more influential Krisha Systems Corporation.  
  
By the end of the week, both crews found themselves fighting for their very survival. Finally, after a fierce battle for control of Babbage Station, the Hand Gang managed to establish themselves as a credible threat to the people of Gandii, a fact which inevitably led the New Gandii Democrats to revaluate the wisdom of holding out on Archon Delaine.  
  
As for the Camorra of Krisha, their assault against Fincke Depot ended in total failure. Krisha Systems were able to force the Camorra into a full scale retreat late Thursday evening, so much so that by Friday morning very few members of the Camorra were left to be found in Krisha. Those that remain are being hunted by their former allies, while those that are smart have already slinked off to join more capable crews.  
  
# Galactic News: EG Pilots Triumph in Second Wildcard Event  
  
3302-06-16   
  
The second heat of the Dangerous Games Wildcard competition is over. For this event, pilots were asked to deploy their hardpoints and gather bounties for their chosen faction in the Bjorti system. The group that accumulated the most bounty vouchers during the week-long event would be declared the winner.  
  
The final tally indicates that victory goes once again to the EG Pilots, which received the largest amount of bounty vouchers. Whether or not the EG Pilots will win the Wildcard competition remains to be seen, as it will not be clear which faction has received the most support until the end of the campaign.  
  
The Dangerous Games Wildcard competition will run for a total of three weeks, and the victor will go on to vie for the right to be recognised as an official power.  
  
# Ulyanov Arrested  
  
3304-08-17   
  
Dr Alfred Ulyanov, a leading exotheologian and an authority on the Far God cult, has been apprehended as a suspected Thargoid sympathiser.  
  
The arrest took place at Dr Ulyanov's home in the Rana system, where he and his family were taken into custody by the Federal Intelligence Agency. Research materials and computer systems were also removed from the property, according to witnesses.  
  
Professor Siobhan Vogel of the Interstellar Association of Universities registered a formal complaint:  
  
"For Dr Ulyanov's academic studies to be viewed as evidence that he is some kind of Thargoid agent is utterly ridiculous. This violation of his rights sets a dangerous precedent.  
  
Federal Intelligence Agency Senior Agent Micah Whitefield gave the following statement:  
  
"When it comes to possible Thargoid allies, we cannot afford to overlook anything. Dr Ulyanov's involvement with the Far God cult makes him a valid person of interest. We are also investigating the Galactic Interfaith Commune, the Spiritual Freedom Movement and other organisations that have supported Thargoid worshippers.  
  
Juanita Bishop, whose campaign against the Far God sect has continued to attract popular support, commented:  
  
"This proves that there are Thargoid collaborators among us, in all walks of life. We must root them out before they start murdering innocent people.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# Federal President Hudson Looks to the Future  
  
3301-06-13   
  
Federal President Hudson Looks to the Future  
  
  
  
In a speech to business leaders today at the Banqueting Hall in Quenisset on Mars, President Hudson hinted at a raft of new policies to motivate the Federation’s youth.  
  
“As I said when I was the Shadow President, we are entering dangerous times. The Empire have been expanding recently more than they have for centuries. We have failed our own frontier worlds for decades and it is hardly surprising they are leaving the Federation as they are. We need a stronger military, a military that gets respect from our youth. We need better soldiers, better fighters, better pilots. We need to be more outward-looking.”  
  
“Our youth has become flabby. Lying inanimate, plugged in to their sims hour after hour, day after day, living in dream worlds that never have existed and never will exist. They need to take part in the real world, and so we will be creating programs to allow them to do just that. Programmes that will excite them, engage them, train them. We will fund these programmes in full, the first of which will be announced to Congress on Tuesday 16th.”  
  
“The Empire needs to know the Federation is strong. We were strong, and now we will be strong again!”  
  
Commentators have already been speculating about the introduction of conscription, but this was denied by Hudson himself “I believe in carrot, not stick”. Congress has already agreed to a substantial rise in military spending, and naval shipyards throughout the Federation are at maximum capacity. Cynics have also noted that the Core Dynamics share price is at an all-time high - Core Dynamics has been a backer of Hudson for a long time, and many say this is his payback.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Federation Withdraws from Pleiades  
  
3303-10-07   
  
Authorities in systems throughout the Pleiades Nebula have reported that the Federation has withdrawn its ships from the region. The development follows ongoing speculation regarding the Federal-Imperial cold war.  
  
The Federation first deployed ships to the Pleiades over two years ago, in a move that was widely interpreted as an attempt to control the region’s meta-alloys. The Empire responded by positioning several Majestic-class Interdictors in the Pleiades. A period of hostility ensued, with both superpowers engaging in a number of proxy conflicts.  
  
The Imperial Herald’s political correspondent, Daxton Sung, who has repeatedly written about the conflict, said:  
  
“There’s little doubt in my mind that the formation of Aegis served as a catalyst for this development, but the current wave of Thargoid hostility was probably the main cause. President Hudson is keenly aware that to continue to oppose the Empire, when humanity is faced with an alien threat, would do him no favours politically. So I’m not surprised by this development, although I will admit that I didn’t expect the Federation to make the first move.”  
  
Neither the Federation nor the Empire has commented on the issue, but it is expected that the Empire will also withdraw its ships from the Pleiades soon.  
  
Daxton Sung commented:  
  
“I don’t care how cynical Hudson’s motives are – this is good news. And we could certainly use some right about now.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Final Stage of Wildcard Competition  
  
3302-06-16   
  
With the second stage of the Dangerous Games Wildcard competition complete, the third and final stage can now begin.  
  
This phase of the competition will focus on trade, with pilots being asked to gather as many conductive fabrics as possible for their chosen faction. The group with the most conductive fabrics at the end of the week-long event will be declared the winner.  
  
At the close of the Wildcard competition, the faction that has garnered the most support over the course of the campaign will enter the Dangerous Games and compete for the right to be recognised as an official power.  
  
With the end of the competition looming, each faction is eager to secure as much support as possible, and is doing all it can to attract pilots to its cause.   
  
The event begins on the 16th of June 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Pleiades Rescue Operation Concludes  
  
3304-08-17   
  
A spokesperson for the Aegis Research has announced that its rescue operation in the Pleiades has been enthusiastically assisted by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the operation by delivering stranded survivors and commodities to Donar's Oak in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 system.  
  
Superintendent Marla Poulsen of Aegis Research released the following statement:  
  
"The number of rescued survivors we have received is truly fantastic. We have also received enough food stocks to ensure that they're well taken care of, before moving them to dedicated refugee centres.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Donar's Oak in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 system.  
  
# The Savage Side of Imperial Slavery  
  
3301-06-13   
  
The Savage Side of Imperial Slavery  
  
  
  
On the edges of Imperial space, the line between savagery and civilisation blurs on an almost daily basis. Never has this been more apparent than this weekend, during which hundreds of supposedly honourable Imperial commanders crossed the border to smuggle massive quantities of Imperial Slaves to sell in black markets controlled by the Kumo Crew.  
  
Exactly what the Kumo Crew plans to do with the Imperial Slaves is unknown, although given how much the Kumo Crew were paying for them it’s almost certainly not going to be pleasant.  
  
Under Imperial law, citizens are not permitted to sell their Imperial Slaves for service to non-Imperial citizens, nor are they allowed to sell Imperial Slaves on worlds outside of Imperial space. Those found breaking the law run the risk of being forced into service themselves, although in reality Imperial frontier security services tend to turn a blind eye to the practice.  
  
GalNet reached out to the Imperial Slavers Association and received the following statement:  
  
“The sale of Imperial Slaves outside of the borders of Imperial space is strictly prohibited by order of the Senate. Any members of the ISA found engaging in such activity will be removed from the guild and reported to the appropriate authorities.”  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-10-10   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Eyharts Terminal, Carmenta  
  
Fanning Vision, 9 Ceti  
  
Joliot-Curie Gateway, Wailaroju  
  
Matthews Station, Othiti  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Darlton Orbital, Phra Mool  
  
Fadlan Gateway, Scylla  
  
# Freelance Report: Searching for Jaques  
  
3302-06-17   
  
It is almost a month since Jaques departed from Gliese 1269 for Beagle Point in his specially modified Orbis Starport. Pilots from the Distant Worlds Expedition and the FGE exploration wings had been eagerly awaiting Jaques's arrival.  
  
Jaques' travel time was originally predicted to be about one week, but this time passed with no sign of the space station. Many pilots remained hopeful that Jaques would arrive in time for the end of the Distant Worlds Expedition on the 5th of June, but the closing ceremony was conducted without him.  
  
With the expedition over, anxiety started to take hold of the remaining pilots, as many had been depending on Jaques' arrival to replenish supplies and make essential repairs for their onward journeys.  
  
Fearing that the starport might have suffered an accident, searches of planets in the Beagle Point region were organised, led by Commander 'Erimus' Kamzel. On the 12th of June almost twenty pilots conducted an intensive search around the base camp on Darwin's Legacy, covering nearly 20,000 square kilometres, but no sign of the spaceport was found.  
  
The search took place in almost total darkness, at low altitude. Several ships and SRVs suffered damage, and one pilot ran out of fuel, necessitating rescue by the Fuel Rats. With hope all but lost and the risks to pilots becoming ever greater, the search was reluctantly called off.  
  
Commander Mad Billy  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-08-18   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Campaigner Jarl Toredo has disclosed that he and Princess Aisling Duval have been conducting a secret romantic relationship, despite her betrothal to Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester. Toredo claims that the princess accepted Rochester's proposal only as a means to advance her political plans. Princess Duval has refuted Toredo's statement.  
  
Dr Alfred Ulyanov, a leading exotheologian and an authority on the Far God cult, has been apprehended as a suspected Thargoid sympathiser. The Federal Intelligence Agency said that Dr Ulyanov's involvement with the Far God cult made him a valid person of interest.  
  
Meanwhile, The Federal Times has highlighted two new personal computer designs currently in development – the Torc from Supratech, and the Duradrive from Herculean Machines. Both companies plan to reveal prototypes of their designs at a technology expo in October.  
  
A mining robot that went out of control in the Beta Hydri system has been located and disabled. MacArthur Mining Ltd, which manufactures the robot, said that an inspection of the robot's remains confirmed suspicions that it had been placed in the incorrect standby mode, verifying that the malfunction was the result of human error.  
  
In other news, billionaire Zachary Rackham has been confirmed as the winner of a lottery prize of one billion credits. Rackham was quick to announce that he would donate his winnings to charity, although The Federal Times pointed out that the win coincided with a bill for unpaid taxes recently submitted to Rackham's company.  
  
Finally, a spokesperson for Aegis Research has announced that its rescue operation in the Pleiades has been enthusiastically assisted by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the operation by delivering stranded survivors and commodities to Donar's Oak.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# For Some, President Halsey's Disappearance Is Not Case Closed  
  
3301-06-14   
  
For Some, President Halsey's Disappearance Is Not "Case Closed  
  
  
  
While the Federation considers President Halsey’s disappearance an open and shut case, some groups still doubt the official story. The Knights of the Black, whose members have sworn to defend all human systems against alien aggression, is one such group.  
  
According to the group’s founder, “We aren’t entirely convinced Halsey’s disappearance is the work of an alien species, but we also aren’t convinced that it was an accident. Remember that Felicia Winters insisted, even from the beginning, that Starship One was lost due to mechanical failure. Zachary Hudson seemed awfully convinced of sabotage until he became the President. To me, it seems the Federation is covering up something.”  
  
He went on to say, “Such a well-orchestrated strike against any of Humanity’s leaders would be a clear sign of an alien threat, which we take very seriously.”  
  
Though the Knights aren’t actively searching for Starship One, they claim, “We’re keeping our eyes peeled.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Abandoned INRA Outpost Discovered  
  
3303-10-11   
  
A number of media feeds in the core systems have reported the discovery of an abandoned planetary outpost in the Hermitage system.  
  
The reports, together with images captured by independent pilots, indicate that the outpost was controlled by the Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm (INRA), a joint Federal-Imperial initiative established in the 3100s.  
  
Very little is known about the INRA, but reports from the time assert that it was established to address Thargoid incursions into human space, and that it developed a chemical weapon designed to target Thargoid technology.  
  
Reports that the site contains logs describing INRA research are currently being corroborated.  
  
# Freelance Report: The Crab Nebula Expedition  
  
3302-06-17   
  
A fleet of over 4,000 survey and support vessels has departed from Mitterand Hollow in Epsilon Indi. The Crab Nebula Expedition is the largest coordinated flight of explorers since the Distant Worlds Expedition. It has attracted a wide range of pilots, from veterans to beginners taking their first trip outside the bubble.   
  
The goal of the Expedition is a detailed planetary and mineral survey of tens of thousands of systems outwards of Sol, focusing on the regions around many well-known nebulae. The expedition is expected to reach the Crab Nebula on the 5th of July 3302, with the survey completed and the data returned in early August.  
  
Felicity Farseer and Elvira Martuuk have personally refitted many of the exploration vessels. With both engineers claiming that their designs provide the best performance, this will be a major test for both.  
  
Commander Ian Doncaster  
  
New Africa Gazette  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-08-22   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Chiang Port, Gero Kiaku  
  
Suri Gateway, Vesuvit  
  
Scott Station, HIP 93685  
  
Salgari Enterprise, Mawa  
  
Wakata Port, Wandjera  
  
Bruce Enterprise, Kabiku  
  
Kubasov Station, HIP 90112  
  
McDonald Platform, Hamlet's Harmony  
  
Thirsk Enterprise, Montet  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Weber Dock, Meene  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Crown Plant, Mudrama Kaze  
  
Crown Terminal, LHS 355  
  
Evans Platform, HIP 18305  
  
Fort Lawrence, Exioce  
  
Fox Base, Parja  
  
Fraknoi Holdings, Parja  
  
Gaultier de Varennes' Folly, HIP 13269  
  
Grimwood Ring, HIP 94863  
  
Hague Port, Osci  
  
Heng Dock, Samontundji  
  
Herrington Gateway, 45 Tauri  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Lichtenberg Dock, 3 Corvi  
  
MacLeod Hub, Naunin  
  
McAllaster Port, HR 6680  
  
Miller Terminal, Exioce  
  
Parmitano Terminal, Nu Tauri  
  
Porges Horizons, G 250-34  
  
PRE Research Base, HIP 17225  
  
Ross Orbital, Ratemere  
  
Seddon Gateway, Montet  
  
Tanner Ring, Sokond  
  
Wang Platform, Parja  
  
# Simguru Offers to Share Tomorrow Today  
  
3301-06-14   
  
Simguru Offers to Share Tomorrow Today   
  
  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal made an appearance at the original Utopian commune in Antal today, to address rumours that the Utopians had entered negotiations to ally themselves with Shadow President Winters’ supporters.   
  
“It is only right for us to honour what came before us. Sol is the birthplace of our race, the shining jewel of our galaxy. At least, it is now that it has been restored to its former glory.”  
  
“In that respect, the Federation is like an elderly relative, full of wisdom and useful life lessons, but ultimately unable to guide its children in finding their truth.”  
  
“In Utopia we respect our elders, but we do not allow their love of the past to obstruct our path to the future. Members of the Federation are free to come to Utopia to study, to shape, to share in everything we have to offer. After all, the abundance of Utopia was created for all of mankind, and we wish for nothing but peace with our other selves.”  
  
“An alliance though? No.”   
  
“While it is our duty to be concerned with the workings of the lower worlds, the Utopians will not allow ourselves to become tangled in the petty politics of those whose only true worry is for their own personal power.”  
  
“Our goods are for sale, but our integrity is not.”  
  
As a reminder to all budding entrepreneurs working hard to scrape some credits from the black, Utopia is currently looking to source a large supply of metals. Traders and miners interested in acting as suppliers to Utopia are being asked to deliver metal to Lobachevsky Station in Antal.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Empire Pulls Out of Pleiades  
  
3303-10-11   
  
In the wake of reports that the Federation has withdrawn from the Pleiades Nebula, authorities in the region have confirmed that the Empire has followed suit. The development, predicted by many, appears to signal the end of the Federal-Imperial cold war.  
  
The inter-superpower conflict began with the deployment of a Federal fleet to the Merope system, shortly followed by the positioning of several Majestic-class Interdictors. It was evident to observers that these manoeuvres were intended to control the region’s meta-alloys.  
  
A number of proxy conflicts took place over the following months, but it quickly became clear that the superpowers were locked in a stalemate, with neither side willing to either up the ante or withdraw.  
  
As the conflict wore on, public opinion was perhaps best expressed by The Imperial Herald’s political correspondent Daxton Sung, who noted that:  
  
“Neither the Empire nor the Federation has demonstrated it can prevent the other from extracting meta-alloys, which is supposedly what this conflict is all about. Frankly, the situation is farcical.”  
  
The catalyst for the Federal withdrawal appears to have been the rising Thargoid threat, coupled with creation of the tri-superpower organisation Aegis.  
  
Neither the Empire nor the Federation has commented on the withdrawal of its fleets.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Project Endurance  
  
3302-06-18   
  
On the 10th of February 3301, two Faulcon DeLacy Cobras launched from Allen Platform in the Dijkstra system. Piloted by Commander Dr Simms and Commander Sid Solo, the ships were fitted for an endurance attempt unlike any other. Now, more than 16 months later and having circumnavigated the galactic core, the pair is about to return to inhabited space.   
  
There have been many changes since they left: software updates have allowed them to go from making short hops of 100 light years to plotting routes of 1,000 light years at a time, improved communications and wing dynamics have facilitated the sharing of exploration data in a manner unprecedented before their departure, and planetary landings have now been authorised. Indeed, neither ship is fitted for SRV activity.  
  
What are their feelings as they approach the human sphere? "I'm not sure," said Dr Simms, "I'm worried about docking at a space station again. It's been so long since I saw anything other than stars and distant worlds, I'm not sure I remember how to land.  
  
Commander Sid Funkleton  
  
# Aisling Duval Wedding Cancelled  
  
3304-08-22   
  
Federal news channels have announced that the wedding of Princess Aisling Duval and Ambassador Jordan Rochester has been cancelled.  
  
The statement came from Congress member Isolde Rochester:  
  
"The planned wedding between my son Jordan Rochester and Her Imperial Highness will no longer take place. We have contacted everyone involved with the event and closed down all related projects.  
  
The announcement follows anti-slavery campaigner Jarl Toredo's confession that he and Aisling Duval were romantically involved for several months. Toredo also claimed that the planned marriage was purely a political matter.  
  
The cancellation was confirmed by the Imperial Palace on Emerald, but there has been no direct response from Princess Duval or Ambassador Rochester.  
  
Political journalist Cassia Carvalho of The Imperial Herald commented:  
  
"The fact that this news comes from Isolde Rochester gives weight to Jarl Toredo's claims. If the marriage was a political scheme, that may explain why the Rochester family matriarch is the one to call it off, no longer trusting Princess Duval to play her part. Or perhaps this is simply the reaction of a mother, enraged at her future daughter-in-law's infidelity.  
  
"Had the marriage taken place, would it have initiated an era of Federal-Imperial cooperation, or triggered a new wave of conflict? It seems we will never know.  
  
# Kappa Fornacis Calls Federal Freedom Into Question  
  
3301-06-18   
  
Kappa Fornacis Calls Federal Freedom Into Question  
  
  
  
It has been some time since the Kappa Fornacis Farmers Union has dared to draw attention to itself beyond its home system. However, following a reported trade deal with one of Senator Zemina Torval’s corporations, the farmers of Panem look a good deal more confident.  
  
Georgio Algeria, spokesman for the Kappa Fornacis Farmers Union, had this to say on the subject:  
  
“Even with a new President, they won’t win. What we have is great, and you can’t keep greatness down. That Hudson guy is too uptight. He needs to chill, and I’ve got just the thing for him!”  
  
“Everything in moderation, my friends. Sims are cool. Hudson’s kids don’t need to win no prizes for proving who’s the best at killin’. They need to chill, to care about each other, get in touch with their roots.”  
  
“The Empire’s cool with us. Slavery’s not cool, but at least they’re doing something about it. These Fed kids signing up to the Navy. Bombing our children. How is that not slavery? Which is better?”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Fourth Aegis Initiative  
  
3303-10-12   
  
Aegis's campaign to counter the rising Thargoid threat has entered its fourth phase. Once again, the tri-superpower organisation has secured financial support from a corporate partner, which has placed an open order for various commodities.  
  
As the campaign began, The Federal Times spoke to Elvira Martuuk, one of many independent engineers contracted by Aegis, who is overseeing this stage of the campaign. Martuuk said:  
  
"The Thargoids' ability to disable our ships is one of their most formidable weapons. For the past few weeks I've been working on a device that I hope will protect human vessels from the Thargoids' immobilising field.  
  
The Khun Independent Governance has promised to reward pilots who deliver Thargoid Cyclops Tissue Samples, Coltan and Beryllium to Cremona Prospect in the Khun system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 12th of October 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Freelance Report: Formidine Rifters Seek Help  
  
3302-06-18   
  
The Formidine Rifters are an unlikely collective of explorers from various backgrounds, systems and factional allegiances who have put aside their political differences to work together toward a common goal. For several months, they have been working together to map the region between the two farthest galactic arms just past the Heart and Soul Nebula.  
  
Commander Finn McMillan of the Earth Expeditionary Fleet, one of the many Rifters devoted to this project, addressed the galactic exploration community today:  
  
"We would like to invite all explorers dedicated to expanding human knowledge to join us in the Formidine Rift. We have reason to believe that there is something beyond the galactic arm that may change humanity's view of the cosmos, but we simply need more eyes, ears and minds to help us unravel this mystery.  
  
Jaiotu  
  
# Far God Cultists Vanishing  
  
3304-08-23   
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has revealed that members of the Far God cult are disappearing in large numbers.  
  
Senior Agent Micah Whitefield told the media:  
  
"On several occasions, our agents have entered hive-chapels only to discover them completely empty. Intelligence from independent systems describes how entire chapters of the sect have disappeared overnight.  
  
"We suspect that adherents are starting to abandon the cult and attempting to return to normal life. We urge everyone to report such individuals to the FIA so we can investigate potential connection to the Thargoids.  
  
Dr Jameelah Griffin of the Galactic Interfaith Commune commented:  
  
"Although it would be an understandable reaction to the FIA's relentless persecution, there are no reports of former Far God worshippers returning to their friends and families. These abrupt disappearances remain a mystery.  
  
Anti-cult campaigner Juanita Bishop also made a statement:  
  
"It's obvious to me that these spies are returning to their Thargoid masters, to inform them of what they've learned. Arresting them isn't enough – we need a more permanent solution for these traitors.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# Galactic News: Secret Billionaires’ Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-10-12   
  
The Secret Billionaires have announced that their campaign to clear the I Carinae system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Commander Ranger-One, a member of the Secret Billionaires, issued the following statement:  
  
“We would like to thank the galactic community for cleaning up our system. The people of I Carinae can now look forward to a period of peace and stability.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Somerset Station in the I Carinae system.  
  
# Chaos in the Kumo Crew  
  
3301-06-18   
  
Chaos in the Kumo Crew  
  
  
  
Leading a piratical group is tough. The Kumo Crew is growing, but not without a struggle. Archon Delaine has always been a strong leader, and keeps the worst excesses of his lieutenants in check. In truth he leads a disparate group of criminal organisations, and recently infighting and infiltration has been rife within the Kumo Crew since Delaine began accepting new members, causing the Kumo to falter in their bid to take over the Pegasi system.  
  
Rumours coming from Harma suggest that the Pirate King is furious at the chaotic, incompetent and downright treacherous actions being carried out in his name. So much so that Delaine has dispatched the Kumo Crew enforcers to deal with the matter personally. Those who find themselves blocking the Kumo Crew’s spread throughout the Pegasi sector will pay the price for their defiance.  
  
# Freelance Report: Escalation in Merope?  
  
3302-06-18   
  
Following reports of unprovoked assaults on Canonn vessels from Farragut Battle Cruisers in the Merope system, Dr Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has released the following statement:  
  
"This is a regrettable misstep, and I invite the Federation to explain how these battle cruisers can represent anything other than militarised resource denial. The presence of gun emplacements by as-yet unknown parties was already a cause for concern, and this worrying development smacks of gunboat diplomacy.  
  
At least eight Farragut Battle Cruisers are understood to have been sighted in Merope, all identified as Federal.  
  
Dr Arcanonn continued:  
  
"I am morally compelled to insist on a public inquiry examining the deployment of warships to a system that plays home to an insufficiently understood phenomenon.  
  
Commander Nicholas Powell  
  
## Federation  
  
# Congressman's Criminal Ties Exposed  
  
3304-08-23   
  
An exclusive exposé published by The Mars Tribune has revealed that a member of Federal Congress has close ties to a criminal organisation.  
  
The extensive feature began with this summary:  
  
"Congressman Morgan Unwin has been in debt to the notorious Red Family cartel for nearly a decade. Information uncovered by our reporters proves that he has used his influence to traffic enormous quantities of the cartel's drugs in order to keep his own addiction secret.  
  
Following publication of the feature, Mr Unwin was arrested by the Federal Security Service, and now faces expulsion from Congress. An investigation into Red Family's narcotics operation in Olympus Village is also underway.  
  
A spokesperson for Congress made this statement:  
  
"We are indebted to The Mars Tribune for uncovering a criminal conspiracy that might otherwise have continued undetected. This highlights the value of investigative journalism to the Federation.  
  
The Tribune's billionaire owner, Kingsley Cordova, has been invited to a special event by Congress to express its gratitude. As well as The Mars Tribune, his conglomerate Cordova Group runs many small companies in the Sol system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Angels Flock to Follow the People’s Princess  
  
3301-06-19   
  
Angels Flock to Follow the People’s Princess  
  
  
  
For months, Aisling’s Angels have been working hard to support their mistress in her quest to bring about meaningful social change in the Empire. As part of their efforts, millions of slaves have been set free, retrained and rehomed in accordance with Aisling’s wishes.  
  
When she lost her bet against Zemina Torval back in April, many within Imperial society thought Aisling’s followers would finally realise that she was backing a lost cause and give up. Instead the opposite happened as thousands of Imperial citizens, their hearts touched by the efforts of the people’s princess, rallied to her cause. This has turned Aisling into one of the most influential celebrities in the Empire today, to the delight of her powerful backers.  
  
With this new-found support, the people’s princess has found herself once again going up against Senator Zemina Torval, as the two powerful senators clash in a bid to gain influence near the Empire’s core systems.  
  
Early last week, the two camps worked to rally support amongst senior patrons in Caspatsuria. When it became apparent that the Caspatsuria citizens would only be swayed by their wallets, a wise change in direction by the Angels PR team saw a last-minute burst of activity launch across Grovichun’s social media networks. Supporters of both Imperial powers are currently engaged in talks with the respective local authorities in a bid to set up new command centres from which to spread their own particular forms of Imperial life.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Third Aegis Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-10-12   
  
Aegis has announced that the third phase of its campaign has received the enthusiastic support of the galactic community. Huge quantities of material were delivered to Vonarburg Co-operative over the past week, which will be used to develop new anti-Thargoid technologies.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Aegis’s Head of Research, Professor Alba Tesreau, released the following statement:  
  
“I would like to extend my gratitude to all those who supported this initiative. The materials you delivered are already on their way to our engineering contractor, and the resultant device should be available soon.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Vonarburg Co-operative in the Wyrd system.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-06-22   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# The Battle for Betel  
  
3304-08-23   
  
Recent reports from the Betel system indicate that an ongoing feud between the Silver Creative Network and the Betel Free has escalated into violence.  
  
General Hollis of Betel security issued the following statement:  
  
"After a lengthy period of peace, these factions are now determined to wipe one another out. As much as we want to subdue this conflict ourselves, we simply do not have the ships to stage an effective intervention.  
  
With system security forces stretched thin, both organisations are seizing the opportunity to settle old grudges, and have issued calls for support. Pilots who participate in the conflict will be generously rewarded by their chosen faction.  
  
The two factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 23rd August 3304.  
  
# Galactic News: Kuun-Lan Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-10-12   
  
A spokesperson for the Kuun-Lan has announced that its appeal for commodities was enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Lomonosov City, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
A spokesperson for the group released the following statement:  
  
“We are overjoyed that the galactic community has rallied to our cause, and we are immensely grateful to all those who participated.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Lomonosov City in the HIP 104292 system.  
  
# Blaine Address State of the Emperor  
  
3301-06-20   
  
Blaine Address State of the Emperor  
  
  
  
Chancellor Blaine made an appearance before the Senate today in order to provide an update on the Emperor’s health, following the attempt on the Emperor’s life a little over a month ago.  
  
“I am pleased to report that the Emperor is recovering nicely,” the Chancellor began. “There was some small concern that an excessive amount of toxins had been allowed to take root in the Emperor’s body, but His Grace’s physicians have proven themselves more than up to the task of removing them.”  
  
“Similarly, praise must go to Princess Lavigny, whose invaluable assistance in tracking down the conspirators led to the restoration of the Emperor’s justice in several dozen systems. A fact which I am sure will be of great comfort to those who were worried that the Duval legacy would be allowed to fall into ruin. Doubtless the Princess’s father would be extremely proud.”  
  
“On that note, I am pleased to announce that His Grace, Emperor Hengist Duval, has begun to show signs of returning to good health. The Emperor’s personal physicians have assured me that should His Grace continue to heal at his current rate, the Emperor will almost certainly make a full recovery.”  
  
“Hail the Emperor, bask in his glory.”  
  
# Community Goal: The Battle of Daramo  
  
3302-06-23   
  
The Daramo system is currently under Federal control, but recent reports indicate that both Imperial and independent forces – the latter under the rule of Pirate King Archon Delaine – are attempting to wrest power from the Federation.  
  
The Federation is evidently not about to capitulate. In a statement, Admiral Yorke of the Federal Navy said:  
  
"The Daramo system is of considerable strategic value to the Federation, and we will not surrender it without a fight. We have issued an emergency call to all Federation-aligned pilots – you are needed in Daramo!  
  
The Empire, predictably, has responded in kind. Captain Danvers of the Imperial Navy said:  
  
"In the interest of the wellbeing of the citizens of Daramo, it is imperative that Imperial law be instated as soon as possible. If the Federation is allowed to retain control of the system, the people of Daramo will be sure to suffer.  
  
The Independents of Daramo have stepped in to coordinate operations on behalf of the Federation, while the Vaka Citizens of Tradition have been authorised to oversee the Imperial campaign. Both factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 23rd of June 3302.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Order Restored in Kamici  
  
3304-08-23   
  
Kamici Incorporated has announced that its campaign to clear the Kamici system of felons has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Authorities in Kamici have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Gaiman Port in the Kamici system.  
  
# Prime Minister Mahon Announces Open Trade Agreement in Old World Cluster  
  
3301-06-21   
  
Prime Minister Mahon Announces Open Trade Agreement in Old World Cluster  
  
  
  
During a press conference in Alioth earlier today, Prime Minister Edmund Mahon expressed his gratitude towards the independent pilots who supported his initiative to strengthen the Alliance's economic presence in the Old Worlds cluster. Mahon declared intention to keep the cluster open for traders of all affiliations and has announced an open trade agreement that will grant any trader safe passage.  
  
To ensure the safety of trader ships in the sector, Prime Minister Mahon has commissioned the Alliance Defence Force to establish a permanent presence in the sector, to counter the growing threats to civilian traders from piracy and crime. The deployment of this new Alliance strike force is expected to take place within the next few weeks.  
  
# Community Goal: Remembrance Week  
  
3303-10-12   
  
Last year, a commemorative event was held for the late entrepreneur Walter Waldo in the Gyvatices system. Not only was the memorial a success, it became an event of collective remembrance, as pilots from across the galaxy convened to honour people and events of personal significance.  
  
Following the event's popularity, the Labour Union of Kauruk has announced the first annual Remembrance Week. The event will give the public an opportunity to remember absent friends and departed loved ones.  
  
As preparations begin, the organisation has placed an open order for a range of commodities and materials, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Moore Terminal in the Kauruk system.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released the following statement:  
  
"Most of us have something we want to honour, celebrate, or remember. This event will give the galactic community a chance to do just that, in an atmosphere of mutual support.  
  
"I believe this is something the galaxy needs – now more than ever.  
  
The campaign begins on 12th of October 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Utopian Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-06-23   
  
A spokesperson for the technologically progressive enclave Utopia confirmed that its appeal for exploration data has reached a successful conclusion. In a statement, the spokesperson confirmed that the campaign received the enthusiastic support of the galactic community, resulting in large quantities of fresh exploration data.  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal, leader of Utopia and architect of the initiative, released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"My thanks go to those who took the time to support this campaign. The data you have provided will now be analysed, and with luck it will tell us more about what happens to the many spacefarers who disappear every day, every week, every year. How many are abducted? How many run out of fuel, far from home? And how many simply disappear without explanation? Your data will help us answer these questions.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Terry Port in the Garoku system.  
  
# Colonia Hydroponics Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-08-23   
  
The Colonia Council has announced that its campaign to build a new hydroponics facility has been warmly received by the galactic community. Large quantities of material were delivered to Templar Barracks over the past week, allowing the initiative to move to the construction phase.  
  
The Council's scientific adviser, Professor Diana VanCleef, gave the following statement:  
  
"Not only will this new hydroponics facility provide biofoods and super-grains for the populace of Colonia, it will also contain a dedicated research laboratory for a science team to develop new biotech crops.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Templar Barracks in the Randgnid system.  
  
# Federal Vigilantes Defy All Galactic Powers  
  
3301-06-22   
  
Federal Vigilantes Defy All Galactic Powers  
  
  
  
A long standing Federation leaning vigilante group has announced today that it is declaring itself its own sovereign power, defying all of the great galactic powers in what members of the groups are calling a struggle between "politicians, slavers and warlords."   
  
The Armada will instead be working to create its own system of governance, based upon its own particular rules of law. The Armada will remain headquartered in the Ngaliba system, where it has resided since 2900 as a Federal detachment of a classified inter-factional combat force. Post Commander Tyllerius Adle pulled his force out of the secretive organization in 3200, re-branding his group as "Adle's Armada” in the process.  
  
In 3301 the Armada still shrouds its self in secrecy and only recruits the finest and cleanest of conscience combative pilots into its ranks.   
  
The group has been known to spring up in times of need to defend the defenceless against forces that seek to to evil in the Galaxy. Adle's Armada will now be acting as its own power in the universe, with members of the group operating primarily in the Ngaliba, Mbukuravi and Kremainn systems.  
  
GalNet reached out to members of Congress for comment, but at time of press had received no reply.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Thargoids Continuing to Adapt  
  
3303-10-12   
  
Fresh reports from the Pleiades have yielded further insights into the Thargoids’ tactics.  
  
An Aegis spokesperson summarised the latest intelligence:  
  
“Our initial encounters with the Thargoids indicated a certain lack of strategic awareness on their part, but they have clearly been watching, and learning. The latest reports indicate that they’re already operating more tactically, suggesting that their earlier lack of insight was due to unfamiliarity with our ships and weapons.”  
  
“As noted before, we clearly are dealing with a highly responsive enemy, and we underestimate them at our peril.”  
  
# Galactic News: EG Pilots win Wildcard Competition  
  
3302-06-23   
  
The third and final heat of the Dangerous Games Wildcard competition is over.  
  
For this stage of the competition, pilots were asked to fill their cargo holds with conductive fabrics and deliver them to Tartarus Point for their chosen faction. Hundreds of pilots participated in the event, eager to help their faction secure a place in the Dangerous Games. But ultimately it was the EG Pilots that accumulated the most conductive fabrics and once again claimed victory.  
  
With the competition over, the results of each heat have been reviewed to determine which faction received the most support over the course of the campaign. The final result indicates that the winner of the Dangerous Games Wildcard competition is, perhaps unsurprisingly, the EG Pilots.  
  
The EG Pilots will now enter the Dangerous Games, competing with the Alliance Elite Diplomatic Corps, the Border Coalition, GalCop, the Interstellar Communist Union and the Social Eleu Progressive Party for the right to join the ranks of the galaxy's most powerful.  
  
Trinity Avon, a reporter for The Sovereign, commented on what has proved to be a dramatic competition:  
  
"Each faction has enjoyed its share of success, but ultimately there could be only one winner. The EG Pilots have proved they can attract considerable support, but does that mean they can go toe to toe with the likes of the Alliance Elite Diplomatic Corps and the Social Eleu Progressive Party? Only time will tell.  
  
The Dangerous Games will begin on the 30th of June.  
  
# Computer Firms Promote New Designs  
  
3304-08-24   
  
Rival technology companies Supratech and Herculean Machines have released press statements promoting new personal-computer designs.  
  
Scorpio DeVorrow, CEO of Supratech, told the media about his company's forthcoming product:  
  
"The Torc employs cutting-edge holographic technology, surrounding you in a personalised world. Its holo-interfaces respond to subtle gestures and its flexible crystalline structure makes it as elegant as jewellery. By comparison, competitors' devices are as rudimentary as pen and paper.  
  
Maddox Hurd, owner of Herculean Machines, also made a statement:  
  
"Fancy holograms might look pretty, but what matters is being able to withstand whatever life throws at you. The Duradrive is designed for those who work hard and expect their tools to stand up to the challenge. However tough you think you are, the Duradrive is tougher.  
  
Both companies have confirmed that they will be at the Rackham Ultratech Expo on Wednesday the 3rd of October. The technology trade show, sponsored by Rackham Capital Investments, focuses on the personal-device market. Both companies aim to have fully functional prototypes ready for the expo.  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# The Science of a Safer Society  
  
3301-06-23   
  
The Science of a Safer Society   
  
  
  
Thousands of Pegasi sector civilians were forced to evacuate their homes last week, following a series of brutal raids carried out in the name of Archon Delaine.  
  
Some resilient residents have attempted to reach out to the Federation and Empire homeworlds for assistance, but so far, their pleas for help have gone unanswered. This leaves the question on everyone’s lips: who will stop the Kumo Crew?  
  
Local business magnate, Pranav Antal, believes that his Utopians may well be able to provide an answer.  
  
“Their greed, their jealousy… these are the things that drive the Kumo to try to own, control and destroy everything they see.”  
  
“This desire for base things has led the crew down a dark path, one which has caused much pain for the people of Pegasi. We at Utopia understand their sorrow, their troubles, and we want to help.”  
  
“Agents of Utopia are seeking to open a new commune in Hip 116213. Once approved, our engineers will begin the dangerous process of establishing an enlightened defence against the uncivilised horde.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Speculation over Thargoid Ship  
  
3303-10-13   
  
Some of the galaxy’s leading Thargoid experts have been discussing the discovery of a new alien ship in the HIP 17125 system.  
  
Images of the crashed vessel reveal that it is structurally distinct from the Thargoid Interceptor, while sharing many superficial similarities. The ship has been classified as a ‘Thargoid Scout’ by the Pilots Federation for the purposes of identification and differentiation.  
  
Discussing the discovery on the ‘Galaxy Now’ programme, Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, said:  
  
“There are clear similarities between this ship and the Interceptor, both of which appear to be made from a quasi-organic material. It would be logical to extrapolate from the ship’s profile that it would be faster and perhaps more manoeuvrable than the Interceptor, but I’d be reluctant to speculate further.”  
  
Speaking on the same programme, Professor Alba Tesreau, also of Aegis, commented:  
  
“Recent analysis of the Thargoid shipwreck in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system indicates that it is a little over 100 years old, despite being extremely similar, if not identical, to the currently active Thargoid Interceptor. This suggests that Thargoid ship design does not change particularly rapidly, and also that the shipwreck in HIP 17125 could be equally old.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Lakon Releases Alliance Crusader  
  
3304-08-24   
  
Lakon Spaceways has announced that a new ship, the Alliance Crusader, will soon be available for purchase.  
  
Meera Callanach, head of military projects at Lakon, gave some details to the media:  
  
"The Alliance Crusader is mechanically similar to the Alliance Chieftain, with one key distinction. Our engineers have removed some internal hardware to accommodate a fighter bay. Inevitably, this means the Crusader is marginally slower and less manoeuvrable than its siblings, but this is compensated by its ability to ferry fighters into a conflict zone.  
  
"The Crusader's offensive capabilities are enhanced with three internal military compartments. We are confident that the ship will be able to hold its own in any combat situation, especially against the Thargoids.  
  
The Alliance Crusader will go on general sale on Tuesday the 28th of August.  
  
# Galactic News: Federation Issues Rebuttal  
  
3302-06-25   
  
Admiral Maxton Price of the Federal Navy has rejected claims that Farragut Battle Cruisers stationed in Merope have made unprovoked attacks on independent pilots operating in the area. In a statement, Admiral Price argued that the allegations were baseless, and that the Federation had not initiated any conflict:  
  
"It is true that Federal vessels have exchanged fire with independent pilots, but these exchanges were not instigated by the Federation, and any claims to the contrary are false.  
  
Admiral Price was asked to respond to calls from Dr Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group for a public enquiry into the Federal presence in Merope. He responded:  
  
"The presence of Federal ships in Merope is entirely legitimate. If our ships are fired upon, they will respond in kind, but I can assure you that the Federation does not have a military agenda in Merope.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Speculation over Thargoid Ship  
  
3303-10-14   
  
Some of the galaxy’s leading Thargoid experts have been discussing the discovery of a new alien ship in the HIP 17125 system.  
  
Images of the crashed vessel reveal that it is structurally distinct from the Thargoid Interceptor, while sharing many superficial similarities. The ship has been classified as a ‘Thargoid Scout’ by the Pilots Federation for the purposes of identification and differentiation.  
  
Discussing the discovery on the ‘Galaxy Now’ programme, Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, said:  
  
“There are clear similarities between this ship and the Interceptor, both of which appear to be made from a quasi-organic material. It would be logical to extrapolate from the ship’s profile that it would be faster and perhaps more manoeuvrable than the Interceptor, but I’d be reluctant to speculate further.”  
  
Speaking on the same programme, Professor Alba Tesreau, also of Aegis, commented:  
  
“Recent analysis of the Thargoid shipwreck in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system indicates that it is a little over 100 years old, despite being extremely similar, if not identical, to the currently active Thargoid Interceptor. This suggests that Thargoid ship design does not change particularly rapidly, and also that the shipwreck in HIP 17125 could be equally old.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-06-24   
  
GalNet Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning GalNet will be releasing the latest statistics and activities of the major powers.  
  
If you are active with one of these powers then make sure that any vouchers and cargo have been delivered before this happens.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Forces Triumphant  
  
3302-06-27   
  
Following three days of conflict, the Independents of Daramo have confirmed that the Federation has successfully resisted the Imperial offensive in the Daramo system. In the wake of the victory, Admiral Yorke of the Federal Navy extended his gratitude to the many pilots who supported the Federation, and added:  
  
"Hopefully this episode will remind our enemies that they cannot simply take whatever they want. It was not so long ago that the Empire was nothing more than a gaggle of clueless colonists on Achenar 6d, while the Federation controlled over a thousand systems. The Empire should remember where it came from.  
  
Territorial disputes between the Federation and the Empire are not uncommon, but the strength of Admiral Yorke's words, and in particular the use of "enemies", will no doubt trigger considerable debate on the current state Federation-Empire relationship.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-08-25   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
The wedding of Princess Aisling Duval and Ambassador Jordan Rochester has been cancelled. The announcement follows anti-slavery campaigner Jarl Toredo's confession that he and Aisling Duval were romantically involved for several months.  
  
Meanwhile, Lakon Spaceways has announced that a new ship, the Alliance Crusader, will go on general sale on Tuesday the 28th of August. The ship, which is based on the Alliance Chieftain, boasts three internal military compartments and a fighter bay.  
  
Rival technology companies Supratech and Herculean Machines have released press statements promoting new personal-computer designs. Both companies have also confirmed they will be at the Rackham Ultratech Expo on Wednesday the 3rd of October, where they will reveal fully functional prototypes of their new devices.  
  
In other news, the Federal Intelligence Agency has revealed that members of the Far God cult are disappearing in large numbers. While the FIA has speculated that adherents are abandoning the cult and attempting to return to normal life, there have been no reports of former Far God worshippers returning to their friends and families.  
  
An exposé published by The Mars Tribune has revealed that Federal Congressman Morgan Unwin has close ties to a criminal organisation. Information uncovered by the Tribune proves that Unwin used his influence to traffic drugs for the Red Family cartel in order to keep his own addiction secret.  
  
Recent reports from the Betel system indicate that an ongoing feud between the Silver Creative Network and Betel Free has escalated into violence. With system security forces stretched thin, both organisations are seizing the opportunity to settle old grudges, and have issued calls for support.  
  
Finally, the Colonia Council has announced that its campaign to build a new hydroponics facility has been warmly received by the galactic community. Large quantities of material were delivered to Templar Barracks over the past week, allowing the initiative to move to the construction phase.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Terror in the Pegasi Sector  
  
3301-06-24   
  
Terror in the Pegasi Sector  
  
  
  
Archon Delaine and his Kumo Crew have continued their seemingly unstoppable rampage across the Pegasi sector this week, with the Crew managing to establish new strongholds in Arawere, Huaich, LTT 16548 and San Muss.  
  
Reports coming in from the sector indicate that the Kumo Crew are now operating in over 160 different systems, with millions of people being forced to pay the pirates for protection, or else risk death or dismemberment for failing to do so.   
  
Many smaller interstellar corporations have announced that the Pegasi sector is now off limits, a fact which will doubtless lead to more suffering for residents of the region as their economies become affected by the lack of workable trade routes.  
  
Almost 20 billion members of the Federation live within territory that has now been claimed by the Kumo Crew. Despite this, the Federation has yet to take an official stance on the Pirate King’s activities.  
  
GalNet reached out to the Federal Navy for comment and was informed that:  
  
“The Navy is aware of the situation in the Pegasi sector. The issue will be resolved in due course, but we are unable to divulge any operational details at this time.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-10-17   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Fadlan Gateway, Scylla  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Ackerman Market, Eravate  
  
# Freelance Report: Canonn at Full Tilt  
  
3302-06-27   
  
Following a recent statement from Admiral Maxton Price of the Federal Navy concerning Farragut Battle Cruisers in the Merope system, Dr Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has responded:  
  
"Admiral Price's authoritative assurance is most welcome. Canonneers and other researchers can hereafter refer to his words as we learn more about the barnacles, and why the Unknown Artefacts point towards Merope.  
  
Dr Arcanonn also confirmed that barnacle sites had been located in the Witch Head Nebula, while Canonn vessels continue to search for barnacles in other nebulae.  
  
Concluding his statement, Dr Arcanonn commented on the elusive Unknown Probes – believed to be related to Unknown Artefacts.  
  
"We are now examining an Unknown Probe secured by my esteemed colleague Professor Monkey D Luffy. Early research indicates that it orients itself towards Merope 5 C, a site of barnacle proliferation. Obviously, Merope remains under intense scrutiny.  
  
Commander Nicholas Powell  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-08-28   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Crown Plant, Mudrama Kaze  
  
Crown Terminal, LHS 355  
  
Fort Lawrence, Exioce  
  
Fox Base, Parja  
  
Fraknoi Holdings, Parja  
  
Gaultier de Varennes' Folly, HIP 13269  
  
Grimwood Ring, HIP 94863  
  
Hague Port, Osci  
  
Heng Dock, Samontundji  
  
Lichtenberg Dock, 3 Corvi  
  
MacLeod Hub, Naunin  
  
McAllaster Port, HR 6680  
  
Parmitano Terminal, Nu Tauri  
  
Porges Horizons, G 250-34  
  
PRE Research Base, HIP 17225  
  
Ross Orbital, Ratemere  
  
Seddon Gateway, Montet  
  
Tanner Ring, Sokond  
  
Wang Platform, Parja  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Weber Dock, Meene  
  
Chaviano Dock, Hapats  
  
Thirsk Enterprise, Montet  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
George Lucas, Leesti  
  
Somerset Station, I Carinae  
  
Napier Station, HIP 94863  
  
Redi Gateway, Korovii  
  
Abetti Platform, Ross 1051  
  
# The Pilots Federation Supports Fuel Rat Initiative  
  
3301-06-24   
  
The Pilots Federation Supports Fuel Rat Initiative   
  
  
  
Each year, thousands of pilots go missing in the black.  
  
Some are waylaid by pirates. Others are lost to the dangers of space. However, an estimated 63% of all deep space losses are attributed to pilots who simply run out of fuel in an area where others rarely tread.   
  
Now a new initiative, which is being backed by the Pilots Federation, is hoping to turn those figures around. A group of independent pilots, calling themselves the Fuel Rats, have begun patrolling the outer fringes of civilisation. Their mission? To provide assistance to traders and explorers before their life support runs out.   
  
Commander Murishani of the Fuel Rats issued the following public service announcement regarding what to do in case of a fuel shortage:  
  
1) Do not panic. Panicking costs fuel and air. You are running out of both!  
  
2) Remain with your ship. Exit supercruise. Throttle to 0. Disable nonessential modules.  
  
3) Call for help from the Fuel Rats immediately. Time is precious.  
  
4) Reduce activity and food consumption. Preserve oxygen. Wait for help.  
  
A full list of active members of the Fuel Rats is available from the Pilots Federation upon request.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Further INRA Bases Discovered  
  
3303-10-18   
  
Further abandoned Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm outposts have been discovered in systems throughout the core.  
  
Records from the sites have shed additional light on the INRA’s activities, and indicate that the mycoid fungus, which was instrumental in countering the Thargoid incursions of the 3100s, was an unplanned by-product of the organisation’s research.  
  
The records also indicate that the INRA tested the mycoid on living Thargoid specimens – a revelation that has already prompted censure from ethical groups.  
  
The following text is taken directly from one of the INRA logs:  
  
“I know there are some who will condemn me for my part in this project. Let them. I harbour no remorse. The Thargoids understand only one thing: destruction. They will not stop until every last one of us has been reduced to dust. We have created a weapon that can prevent such a catastrophe. We have a moral obligation to use it.”  
  
Others employed by the organisation, including the researcher whose work led to the development of the mycoid, took a different view:  
  
“To the public, the INRA is a symbol of all that is possible when superpowers set aside their differences and work together. Well, it might have started off like that, but it’s something very different now. Progress at any cost, might makes right – all our worst impulses channelled into an unaccountable organisation focused solely on making bigger and more powerful weapons.”  
  
Response to the accounts has been mixed. Some commentators have suggested that the INRA’s actions were unethical, while others have opined that it took appropriate measures to defend humanity.  
  
Nestor Cartesius, an Imperial Senator, said:  
  
“It is true that the INRA operated covertly, but there is nothing in the organisation’s past of which we need feel ashamed, and I see no reason for its work to remain secret. The INRA achieved the objectives it was created to fulfil – very successfully, I might add. The pertinent question is if its work can be of value to us now, in the wake of the Thargoids’ return.”  
  
# Galactic News: Jaques Station Found!  
  
3302-06-29   
  
Two weeks ago it was reported that Jaques Station, the legendary travelling starport, had survived its attempt to jump from Gliese 1269 to Beagle Point.  
  
Unfortunately, however, the starport's location could not be verified due to problems with its communication systems. Fragmentary messages, picked up by a number of outposts, gave hints as to what had befallen the station, but the incomplete nature of the messages left recipients with no clear idea of where it might be.  
  
But a recent report indicates that, despite all odds, the starport has been found. An independent pilot by the name of Commander Cly happened upon the station while exploring the Eol Prou AA-A H89 Nebula. The pilot has confirmed that Jaques is in the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system. Commander Cly also reported that the starport is still suffering from technical issues, presumably due to Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
It is hoped that Jaques will make a statement soon.  
  
# Engineers Established in Colonia  
  
3304-08-28   
  
The Colonia Council has announced that four engineers have established bases in the Colonia region, to provide services to independent pilots.  
  
Councillor Giselle Kingspear gave a statement to the media:  
  
"The Council believes it has a duty to support those who contribute so much to the region's stability. That's why we have consulted with engineers in the core systems to identify individuals who could offer similar services here in Colonia. Consequently, we now have four engineers at planetary bases in the region.  
  
"Mel Brandon is based in Luchtaine, and specialises in laser-based armaments, shields, engines and frame shift drives. Etienne Dorn in the Los system, once lead engineer for Kraken Shield Specialists, is an expert on sensors, scanners and high-energy weaponry, among other things. Petra Olmanova is in the Asura system, and works with ship armour, countermeasures and explosive weapons, and Marsha Hicks, in the Tir system, offers upgrades in ballistic weaponry, fuel scoops, refineries and limpets.  
  
"These engineers represent an important stage in Colonia's continued growth. The Council hopes that pilots operating in the region will find them beneficial.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-06-27   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week GalNat presents a short list of 10 of 1,552 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
Junga Patron's Principles  
  
Revolutionary Party of Nuenets  
  
HIP 114044 Emperor's Grace  
  
Brigid Imperial Society  
  
HIP 117865 Empire Pact  
  
Volo Fortune Partners  
  
Ambiliates Legal Ltd  
  
Atroan Gold Gang  
  
BD+38 3327 Federal Company  
  
People's Kurukujiali Confederacy  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Conflict in Colonia  
  
3303-10-19   
  
Since it was founded in July 3302, the Colonia community has become a bastion of peace, seen by many as an island of calm in a sea of conflict.  
  
But the region is not impervious to occasional outbreaks of violence, and as Colonia’s population grows, such outbreaks look likely to become more frequent.  
  
The latest such incident involves The Nameless, a criminal faction based in the Carcosa system, which has started attacking ships in Colonia. In an effort to restore order, the Colonia Council has issued a call to aid, pledging to reward pilots who help reduce the criminals’ numbers. The Nameless has responded in kind, promising generous incentives to those who help fight the Colonia Council’s peacekeepers.  
  
Both factions have set out week-long operations to achieve their aims, which will begin on the 19th of October 3303.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-06-29   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Unusual Energy Signatures Detected  
  
3304-08-28   
  
Three recently detected energy signatures have been confirmed to be of a similar nature.  
  
The engineer Ram Tah made a statement to the media:  
  
"As part of my research, I regularly review data from surveillance satellites and ships that have picked up atypical signals. Although most turn out to be of no consequence, on this occasion I have identified three energy signatures that I believe warrant further investigation.  
  
"The signals originate from the NGC 2451A sector, the IC 2391 sector and the Synuefe EN-H region. I have no further data, and at this time the signatures' meaning remains a mystery.  
  
"I encourage any independent pilots operating in these regions to investigate. I do of course apologise if this turns out to be a pointless exercise, but in the pursuit of scientific knowledge, even the smallest opportunity must be explored.  
  
# Prime Minister Mahon announces open trade agreement for Lave cluster  
  
3301-06-28   
  
Prime Minister Mahon announces open trade agreement for Lave cluster  
  
  
  
During a press conference in Alioth earlier today, Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has expressed his gratitude towards the independent pilots who supported his initiative to strengthen the economical bonds with the Old Worlds in the Lave cluster. Mahon assured his declared intention to keep the cluster open for traders of all affiliations and has announced an open trade agreement that will grant any trader safe passage.  
  
To ensure the safety of trader ships in the sector, he has commissioned the Alliance Defence Force to establish a permanent presence in the sector, to counter the growing threats to civilian traders from piracy and crime. The Council of Admirals has announced that the deployment of such forces will begin soon.  
  
# Community Goal: Conflict in Colonia  
  
3303-10-19   
  
Since it was founded in July 3302, the Colonia community has become a bastion of peace, seen by many as an island of calm in a sea of conflict.  
  
But the region is not impervious to occasional outbreaks of violence, and as Colonia’s population grows, such outbreaks look likely to become more frequent.  
  
The latest such incident involves The Nameless, a criminal faction based in the Carcosa system, which has started attacking ships in Colonia. In an effort to restore order, the Colonia Council has issued a call to aid, pledging to reward pilots who help reduce the criminals’ numbers. The Nameless has responded in kind, promising generous incentives to those who help fight the Colonia Council’s peacekeepers.  
  
Both factions have set out week-long operations to achieve their aims, which will begin on the 19th of October 3303.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-06-30   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Fozard Dock, HIP 19934   
  
Irens Dock, Manite   
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar   
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok  
  
Ising Dock, 109 Piscium  
  
Saunders's Dive, Wolf 1301  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28   
  
Jaques Station, Eol Prou RS-T d3-94  
  
Robigo Mines, Robigo  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
# The Silence of Aisling Duval  
  
3304-08-29   
  
The date of Princess Aisling Duval's wedding to Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester has passed without comment from either party.  
  
Entertainment journalist Solomon Helios discussed the situation:  
  
"Public reaction to the cancelled wedding has ranged from outrage to delight. Jasmina Halsey expressed regret at a 'lost opportunity for long-term peace', while Senator Zemina Torval called it 'the mercy killing of a catastrophically bad idea'.  
  
"With no word from the Imperial Palace or the White House, it's easy to imagine both Emperor Arissa and President Hudson breathing sighs of relief. But the silence from Aisling Duval and Jordan Rochester rings loudest. What might they be feeling? Was their relationship terminated against their wishes? Did it ever really exist?  
  
"Naturally I invited the princess to tell her story, but her previous openness is apparently a thing of the past. The Rochester family is also shying away from the media. Jarl Toredo, whose alleged affair with Aisling apparently derailed the marriage, has vanished from public sight.  
  
"Was this a tragic love triangle, or just a political chess game? We may never know. But what's certain is that, before long, Aisling Duval will put these failures behind her and be back in the spotlight where she belongs.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-06-30   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
The following are 10 of the 412 minor factions are in lockdown:  
  
NLTT 53690 Republic Party  
  
Yupini Imperial Society  
  
Calhuacan Empire Party  
  
Democrats of Chamunda  
  
Kaliki Citizens' Forum  
  
Wolf 906 Incorporated  
  
Vodyanes Emperor's Grace  
  
Crowfor Vision Services  
  
Groombridge 1618 Inc  
  
LTT 14437 Labour  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can reduce the lockdown period.  
  
These are 10 of the 848 minor factions are experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Biko Crimson Council  
  
Simyr Constitution Party  
  
Kalana Independents  
  
Freedom Party of HIP 21778  
  
Wong Guin Imperial Society  
  
Freedom Party of LHS 3447  
  
LFT 78 Patron's Principles  
  
Crowfor Vision Services  
  
Nunus Imperial Society  
  
Aulin Silver United Company  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Fourth Aegis Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-10-19   
  
The fourth phase of Aegis’ campaign to counter the Thargoid threat has come to an end. Hundreds of independent pilots supported the initiative by taking to their ships to deliver commodities to Cremona Prospect. The materials will be used to test and mass-produce a shutdown-field neutraliser, developed by engineer Elvira Martuuk, which will counter the Thargoids’ ability to disable human spacecraft.  
  
Martuuk released a brief statement to the media:  
  
“I want to thank those who hauled stuff out to Cremona Prospect. I just hope the tech I’ve developed will make a difference to the Commanders on the front lines.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Cremona Prospect in the Khun system.  
  
# New Thargoid Interceptor Encountered  
  
3304-08-29   
  
Independent pilots have reported engaging a previously unseen type of Thargoid vessel.  
  
The Pilots Federation confirmed that several of its members have encountered the ship in both the Pleiades Nebula and the core systems.  
  
Commander Jing-sheng Mendez gave this account:  
  
"My wingmate and I were both hyperdicted while travelling through the Pleiades. We assumed that together we could handle a single Thargoid ship, but this one really soaked up our firepower.  
  
"I managed to get away, but Leonie didn't make it. I've already started retooling my Krait with AX weapons. I want to head back out there…and get some payback.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis's chief military liaison, made this statement:  
  
"We can confirm that this new ship – classified as the Hydra – is a variant of the Thargoid Interceptor. It is structurally stronger than the Cyclops, Basilisk or Medusa, and releases a larger swarm of Thargon drones.  
  
In response to this development, the Pilots Federation has sealed off the Cone Sector FN-J B9-0 system, which is believed to contain high concentrations of Hydra Interceptors. Despite this, it is understood that the Gnosis, flagship of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, will attempt to complete its scheduled jump into the now permit-locked system  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Defending Graill Redd  
  
3302-06-30   
  
Authorities in the Graill Redd system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Apparently, organisations in neighbouring systems – the Citizen Party of G146-60 and the Workers Party of G 176-29 – are attempting to cultivate discord in the system in order to pave the way for the introduction of communism.  
  
To counter this threat, the Graill Redd Liberals have placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the Graill Redd system, and have promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to J. G. Ballard Gateway.  
  
The campaign begins on the 30th of June 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Remembrance Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3303-10-19   
  
A spokesperson for the Labour Union of Kauruk has announced that the organisation’s Remembrance Week has been resoundingly endorsed by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots flocked to Moore Terminal over the past week, taking the opportunity to pay their respects to departed friends and loved ones.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, the spokesperson released a brief statement:  
  
“We would like to thank all those who supported this initiative. We hope it gave you an opportunity not only to celebrate absent friends and family, but also to form new bonds with other members of the galactic community.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the campaign can now collect their rewards from Moore Terminal in the Kauruk system.  
  
# Infection Running Rampant in BD-02 4304  
  
3301-06-30   
  
Infection Running Rampant in BD-02 4304  
  
  
  
Infection Running Rampant in BD-02 4304  
  
Hundreds of businesses have closed and thousands of people are quarantined following an outbreak aboard Newton Dock in what could be the most devastating epidemic of the decade.  
  
The illness, the origins of which are currently unknown, has made its way across much of the region. Reports are coming in from surrounding systems indicating that the infection might already be spreading.  
  
Carl Simmons, the Chief Medical Officer of Newton Dock, released the following statement in regards to the spread of this disease:  
  
“At the risk of causing a panic, it is my duty to report that the outbreak is spreading at an alarming rate. Until we have identified how it managed to reach so many systems in such a short span of time, residents are advised to stay in their homes and travellers are advised to avoid the area.”  
  
“Early signs of infection include vomiting blood, excessive sweating, sores and waves of intense dizziness. If you suspect you’ve been infected, please report to the local authorities at the earliest available opportunity. They will inform you how to proceed.”   
  
In total almost 27 million residents now find themselves at risk from either disease, famine or both.  
  
# Community Goal: The Rise to Power Begins  
  
3302-06-30   
  
For much of the past month, the galactic community has been captivated by the Dangerous Games, a semi-official competition organised by some of the galaxy's largest factions to determine which wields the greatest degree of power and influence.   
  
Three events have taken place so far, with pilots from across the galaxy fighting fervently to support their chosen group. With the 'Wildcard' stage of the competition over, it is time for the main event to begin.  
  
Trinity Avon, a reporter for The Sovereign, explained how the Rise to Power will work:  
  
"There are six factions taking part: the EG Pilots, the Alliance Elite Diplomatic Corps, the Border Coalition, GalCop, the Interstellar Communist Union and the Social Eleu Progressive Party. Over the next three weeks, there will be a series of campaigns in which each faction will try to rally as much support as possible. The faction that dominates its rivals will join the ranks of the galaxy's most powerful.  
  
The first Rise to Power event requires pilots to gather Gilya signature weapons for their chosen faction and deliver them to Gohar Station in the Jaradharre system. The faction that accumulates the most Gilya signature weapons will be declared the winner of the first heat.  
  
The event begins on the 30th of June 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Aegis Core Relocates to Sol  
  
3304-08-30   
  
In May, a criminal organisation known as the Socho Gold Raiders assumed control of the Socho system, headquarters of Aegis Core.  
  
Since then the system has descended further into chaos, culminating in the loss of services at Dantec Enterprise due to Thargoid sensor-related interference. This in turn led to the temporary immobilisation of Aegis's Eagle Eye network, a system of orbital installations designed to determine potential Thargoid attack sites.  
  
In the wake of this calamity, Federal President Zachary Hudson has announced that Aegis Core is to relocate from Socho to the Federal home system of Sol.  
  
In a statement broadcast directly from the White House on Mars, Hudson said:  
  
"Recent events in Socho have taught us that no matter the scale of the Thargoid threat, there will always be those more interested in fighting their fellow man than engaging the enemy.  
  
"Let me be clear: we are at war. The weakening of our defences cannot be tolerated. I have therefore agreed that Aegis Core will relocate to the Sol system, where it can be properly protected.  
  
"Aegis has been charged with defending humanity, and any attempt to undermine it is nothing less than an act of treason.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-07-01   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT ) the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period to assemble the latest data.  
  
Any pilots who operate for any of the powers should ensure that they deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time for their activities to be registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Aegis Expanding  
  
3303-10-20   
  
Following news that the Empire and Federation have withdrawn from the Pleiades Nebula, contractors in the core systems have reported that Aegis is poised to establish a number of outposts in the region.  
  
The reports indicate that Aegis intends to establish more than twenty orbital outposts in the coming months, to support its ongoing research and defence initiative. Two of these outposts have already been built, and construction of a third is expected to begin soon.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, commented briefly on the news:  
  
“In my view it is imperative that Aegis has a consolidated presence in the Pleiades, close to the centre of Thargoid activity. Fortunately our backers in the Alliance, Empire and Federation agree with me.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Jaques Speaks  
  
3302-06-30   
  
Following news that Jaques Station has been found in the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system, Jaques has broadcast a message to the media, having apparently restored communications at his starport:  
  
"First, I'd like to thank all the pilots who came looking for me.  
  
"As for what happened, well...I guess it was a little ambitious to try to jump all the way to Beagle Point. As soon as I entered witch-space, it was clear something was up with the drive engines. And the navigation system. And the power distributor.  
  
"Pretty soon I realised I had a choice – push on to Beagle Point and arrive as a cloud of shrapnel, or drop into the nearest safe system. I made the only choice I could – to push on. Then I came to my senses and decided to drop into Eol Prou RS-T d3-94.  
  
Jaques was asked if he would be making another attempt to reach Beagle Point.  
  
"I don't think Jaques Station will be jumping again anytime soon. The old girl wasn't really built for long-distance travel, and the last leap put a lot of strain on the superstructure. I think I'm going to be in Eol Prou whatever-it's-called for the foreseeable future. Still, the view here is lovely, so it could be worse.  
  
In related news, various members of the galactic community have begun collecting meta-alloys to repair Jaques Station, and will soon depart for Eol Prou RS-T d3-94.  
  
# Juanita Bishop runs for Congress  
  
3304-08-30   
  
Juanita Bishop, a leading campaigner against the Far God cult, has announced that she is running for Federal Congress.  
  
Mrs Bishop's vocal condemnation of Thargoid worship has gained her a strong following in many Federal systems. She is now campaigning to be elected to Congress as an independent candidate.  
  
At a rally protesting against the Far God sect, Mrs Bishop addressed the crowd:  
  
"I may lack political experience, but I care about protecting decent families from alien-loving deviants. If you elect me to Congress, I will make sure our leaders rid us of the Thargoid spies undermining our great Federation!  
  
Dr Jameelah Griffin of the Galactic Interfaith Commune made this response:  
  
"Juanita Bishop is building her powerbase on the fear and paranoia that she herself has invoked. As has happened before, an innocent religion is being used as a scapegoat for society's ills.  
  
"We should be more concerned about the fact that Far God chapters are continuing to vanish without trace. If they are under threat, it is our duty to offer protection. These people are not aliens but citizens with legal rights, despite Bishop's efforts to dehumanise them.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Halsey Comments on End of Cold War  
  
3303-10-20   
  
With the news that the Empire has withdrawn its fleets from the Pleiades Nebula, apparently signalling the end of the Federal-Imperial cold war, former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has commented on the cessation of hostilities.  
  
Addressing a large crowd in Nerah City on Argent’s Claim, Halsey said:  
  
“Like many of you, I rejoiced when I heard the Federation had recalled its ships. But my jubilation was undercut by the knowledge that our protests and entreaties had failed to move a single Federal or Imperial vessel. Were it not for the emergence of a greater potential threat, the Empire and Federation might still be installed in the Pleiades, squabbling over barnacles. And while the impact of the conflict could have been far greater, it was still far from a bloodless war.”  
  
“I would like to believe that the Federation and Empire have learned from this experience, but I suspect they have not. But I promise you that I will continue to help those affected by such conflicts, for as long as I am able.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-07-01   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report indicates some of the minor factions enduring significant health issues such as famine and outbreaks (*).  
  
The following minor factions have reported famines:  
  
Dukes of Mikunn Famines cause a massive drop in the standard of living for the systems inhabitants. Food trade and related contracts are essential to alleviate the suffering of the populace. Due to the state of emergency combat missions and activities provide no effect on influence.  
  
Outbreaks have been reported by the following minor factions :  
  
LHS 115 Democrats  
  
Democrats of BD-02 4304  
  
Rana General Co  
  
Workers of Skeggiko O Labour  
  
Tarutaalli Group Like famines, outbreaks cause a major disruption to the inhabitants’ standard of living. Resupply of medicines and related trade contracts are needed to end the outbreak. Due to the state of emergency combat missions and activities provide no effect on influence.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Freelance Report: The Jaques Rescue Mission  
  
3302-07-01   
  
Recent reports indicate that a coalition of independent pilots has coordinated a mission to deliver meta-alloys to Jaques Station. A spokesperson for the group issued the following statement:  
  
"We need your help, Commanders! Everyone's favourite cyborg barman Jaques has been discovered by Commander CLY in the Eol Prou RS-T D3-94 system.  
  
"Pilots are gathering in Maia for what will be the longest single-stop trade run in galactic history. Their mission is to deliver meta-alloys to Jaques Station and repair the damage done by the Unknown Artefacts.  
  
"In the interest of speed and efficiency, many pilots are flying Asp Explorers. Outfitting options vary between eight and 16 tonnes of cargo, and large fuel scoops are common among the intrepid rescue party.  
  
"The mission's first waypoint has been designated as synufai pi-i c26-8. Further systems along the route will be announced soon.  
  
Commander Andy B  
  
## Empire  
  
# Far God Campaign  
  
3304-08-30   
  
The Thargoid-worshipping sect that reveres an entity known as the 'Far God' has issued a request for Thargoid materials.  
  
Chancellor Reegan Tanner, speaking on behalf of LHS 2541 Alliance Combine, which is supporting the campaign, released the following statement:  
  
"To maintain their privacy and avoid further persecution, members of the Far God sect have approached us to facilitate the collection of Thargoid materials. They have made it explicit that these materials will be revered as objects of worship, and will not be used as part of any xenobiological experiments. In the interests of religious freedom, we have decided to fulfil their request.  
  
In support of this campaign, LHS 2541 Alliance Combine has placed an open order for various Thargoid materials, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these goods to Wheelock Ring in the Zavijah system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering commodities to Wheelock Ring can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 30th of August 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-07-02   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions around the galaxy pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 8,0081,766 minor factions are holding elections:  
  
DH leonis Nationals  
  
LF 8 +16 41 Focus  
  
League of Gliese 384  
  
CR Draco Blue Transport Network  
  
Labe State Holdings  
  
Aristocrats of LHS 1803  
  
HIP 93685 Transport Corp  
  
HIP 94184 Organisation  
  
HIP 14611 Party  
  
Crathiganit Silver General IndElections occur when two minor factions are of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Analysis from the Galaxy’s Most Powerful  
  
3303-10-20   
  
A number of the galaxy’s most powerful figures have commented on the current galactic landscape, addressing issues such as the return of Thargoids and the recent discovery of outposts formerly occupied by the Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm.  
  
At a society event in the Cubeo system, Princess Aisling Duval said:  
  
“I read the INRA records, and frankly I was sickened. How could they treat living creatures that way? I’ve heard of governments inventing threats to support their military programmes. Maybe that’s what the INRA was. A smokescreen.”  
  
Duval was ushered away from reporters by her publicist before she could say any more.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus, who has spent little time in the public eye since his defeat of the insurgent organisation Emperor’s Dawn, made the following statement on the ‘Galaxy Now’ programme:  
  
“I have reviewed much of the available intelligence on the Thargoids, and it is clear that we are facing a formidable threat. Granted, we do not know the reasons for their hostility, but in my experience such details are rarely important – what’s important is knowing where and when to strike.”  
  
“The formation of Aegis is in my view a sound strategy, and represents a sensible response to this threat. Furthermore, I know Aden Tanner well, and I wholeheartedly believe he is the right man to be guiding Aegis’s military strategy.”  
  
Li Yong-Rui, CEO of the Sirius Corporation, also offered an appraisal of the situation:  
  
“If there’s one thing these INRA logs make plain it’s that humanity is capable of defeating the Thargoids, especially when we work together. And remember, most of the galaxy is functioning exactly as it always has, despite the presence of these alien aggressors. So let’s maintain some perspective, shall we?”  
  
# Galactic News: Empire Criticises Federal Presence in Merope  
  
3302-07-01   
  
Over the past week there has been considerable debate over the presence of Federal battle cruisers in the Merope system. The ships have taken up position near the non-human structures commonly known as barnacles, prompting censure from various sections of the galactic community.  
  
Following a recent statement from Admiral Maxton Price of the Federal Navy in which it was argued that the Federal presence in Merope was "entirely legitimate", Senator Zemina Torval has released a statement condemning what she claims is an attempt to lay claim to the barnacles and, by extension, the meta-alloys.  
  
"Meta-alloys are the only material capable of countering the disruptive effects of the Unknown Artefacts, and are therefore of singular value.  
  
"There is no doubt in my mind that the Federation's decision to deploy warships in Merope represents an attempt to claim possession of the barnacles and the meta-alloys they produce. This is unacceptable.  
  
Senator Torval refused to be drawn on what action, if any, the Empire would take in response to the Federal blockade. But given the recent conflict between the Federation and the Empire in the Daramo system, it seems likely that this development heralds further erosion of the Empire-Federation relationship.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Conflict in Betel Ends  
  
3304-08-30   
  
Authorities in the Betel system have confirmed that the conflict between the Silver Creative Network and Betel Free has come to an end.  
  
Both factions received support from independent combat pilots, to whom generous rewards were promised, but ultimately there could be only one victor.  
  
General Hollis of Betel security had this to say:  
  
"Now this feud has been resolved, we will hopefully see a period of prolonged peace in the system.  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict can now collect their rewards from Amphipolis in the Betel system.  
  
# Mahon speaks out on Alliance Values  
  
3301-07-02   
  
Mahon speaks out on Alliance Values  
  
  
  
Prime Minister Mahon gave a speech today to the assembled graduates of the esteemed Alioth University, the same establishment he graduated from as a student. While his opponents sometimes deride his ‘matter of fact’ presentation, few could argue against the Prime Minister’s passion for the values he holds dear:  
  
“The Alliance of Independent Systems is built upon a single defining principle and that is one of freedom. The freedoms we enjoy range from our personal freedoms as inscribed in the Bill of Human Rights to the freedom of societies and even planets within the Alliance.  
  
“But we should not accept this grace blindly or assume that its existence continues by mere chance. The birth of the Alliance came from removing the burden of the Federation and the Empire who for centuries fought each other for our resources and we were caught helpless in the middle.  
  
“Both of those organisations proudly describe their origins as being freedom from the tyranny of others. And yet now they are the tyranny and it is our duty to oppose them, while also ensuring that we don’t become them.”  
  
The speech then turned to the minutiae of the Alliance’s democratic process. But pundits were quick to comment that this was a bold statement from the Prime Minister and that perhaps the recent successes in the Old Worlds region show a more robust future for the Alliance in galactic politics.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Aegis Expanding  
  
3303-10-21   
  
Following news that the Empire and Federation have withdrawn from the Pleiades Nebula, contractors in the core systems have reported that Aegis is poised to establish a number of outposts in the region.  
  
The reports indicate that Aegis intends to establish more than twenty orbital outposts in the coming months, to support its ongoing research and defence initiative. Two of these outposts have already been built, and construction of a third is expected to begin soon.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, commented briefly on the news:  
  
“In my view it is imperative that Aegis has a consolidated presence in the Pleiades, close to the centre of Thargoid activity. Fortunately our backers in the Alliance, Empire and Federation agree with me.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Friendly Fire over Merope 2 A  
  
3302-07-01   
  
Despite assertions from Admiral Maxton Price that Federal ships in Merope would not initiate conflict, a recent incident report tells a different story.  
  
Apparently, a clearly marked Asp Explorer science vessel was shot down, without provocation, by Federal vessels above Merope 2 A. Rescue teams from Obsidian Orbital, responding to a distress call, found the smoking wreckage of the ship a short distance from a barnacle site guarded by a Farragut Battle Cruiser and a squadron of combat ships. The pilot – a captain in the Federal Auxiliary Navy – was only slightly injured. They said:  
  
"A lone Asp with retracted weapons is no threat to a battle group, and the navy can't shoot whomever they want without jurisdiction. If one of my boys ignored the rules of engagement like that, I'd throw the book at them. Admiral Price can expect a formal inquiry from the JAG as soon as the paperwork is done.  
  
The Federation has not issued an official response.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Alliance President Proposes Changes  
  
3304-08-31   
  
Alliance President Gibson Kincaid has confirmed he will campaign for re-election in October.  
  
Addressing the media, President Kincaid also said he wanted to make significant changes to the Alliance constitution:  
  
"The role of Alliance president is largely ceremonial. I believe that should change. I have been lobbying to invest the position with executive powers, over and above the prime minister and the Assembly. By streamlining our bureaucracy, we can make decisions as efficiently as the other superpowers.  
  
"I also believe that each presidential incumbent should remain in office for six years, instead of a maximum of two one-year terms. That will allow time to renegotiate diplomatic relationships and correct past mistakes.  
  
Gibson Kincaid was the governor of the Zaonce system before assuming the presidency in 3303. He has repeatedly claimed that the Alliance is failing to fulfil its true potential.  
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon responded:  
  
"Our constitution has served us well for decades and I see no reason to amend it. Its system of checks and balances exists to prevent any individual from becoming too powerful and destabilising the Alliance.  
  
The other presidential candidates will be announced within the next two weeks.  
  
# Galnet Health Report Sparks Action from Angeli Imperial  
  
3301-07-03   
  
Galnet Health Report Sparks Action from Angeli Imperial  
  
# Galactic News: Conflict in Colonia Ends  
  
3303-10-26   
  
Authorities in the Colonia system have confirmed that the conflict between The Nameless and the peacekeepers of the Colonia Council has come to an end.  
  
Both factions received support from the galactic community, but ultimately there could only be one victor – the Colonia Council.  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict can now collect their rewards from Jaques Station in the Colonia system.  
  
# Galactic News: Memorial to the Highliner Antares Unveiled  
  
3302-07-01   
  
The Sirius Corporation has unveiled a memorial to those who lost their lives aboard the Highliner Antares, which was destroyed in 3251 during its maiden voyage. Using debris retrieved from the ship, capricious talent Delvin Hoorgan has created a striking tribute to the souls lost on the ship's inaugural flight.  
  
The memorial depicts a stylised version of the Highliner Antares, and has been constructed using light-bending meta-materials that allow light to pass through the interior of the ship as it rotates. As the sculpture moves, the intensity of the light increases, reaching a crescendo of brilliance before subsiding.  
  
Delvin Hoorgan waived his usual commission to participate in the project. When he unveiled the memorial, he stated he was proud to have been involved in remembering the event.  
  
# Computer Designers' Rivalry Escalates  
  
3304-08-31   
  
Maddox Hurd, owner of Herculean Machines, has publicly dismissed the efforts of rival company Supratech. Both companies are currently developing new computer designs.  
  
Mr Hurd referred directly to Supratech's forthcoming product, the Torc, while addressing the media:  
  
"There's a reason Herculean has never explored the concept of wearable devices – it's a ridiculous idea! I bet a million credits that those fragile gizmos will break, or their holograms will start glitching, the moment you turn them on.  
  
"If you want a reliable piece of tech, you need the Duradrive. Believe me, our device will keep on working whatever you throw at it…and even if you throw it.  
  
When invited to comment, Supratech CEO Scorpio DeVorrow responded:  
  
"It's regrettable that those with a clear vision of the future are often denigrated by individuals of limited imagination. We offer an elegant and revolutionary approach to personal computing – not just a rubber brick with a screen. I'm sure customers will make the intelligent choice.  
  
Prototypes for both the Torc and the Duradrive will be unveiled at the Rackham Ultratech Expo on Wednesday the 3rd of October.  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# Community Goal: The Hallowed Chapter of LHS 2094's Apple-Bobbing Blowout  
  
3303-10-26   
  
While Halloween is widely thought to have its roots in harvest festivals from Earth's ancient past, in the modern era it is largely seen as an opportunity to unwind and share a drink with friends.  
  
This year, the galaxy's biggest Halloween party is taking place in the LHS 2094 system under the auspices of the Hallowed Chapter of LHS 2094. A range of traditional activities has been planned, including a game known as apple bobbing, although purists have been quick to point out that, "suspending oneself upside down in a vat of Leestian Evil Juice is most definitely not apple bobbing".  
  
To ensure the event is a success, the Hallowed Chapter of LHS 2094 has placed an open order for a range of commodities, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these goods to Patterson Vision in the LHS 2094 system.  
  
A spokesperson for the Hallowed Chapter of LHS 2094 elaborated on the nature of the event:  
  
"There's a risk the festivities could be overshadowed by this whole Thargoid thing, but just because there are hostile aliens in Maia doesn't mean we can't have fun. I mean, the Thargoids are all the way out there...and the party is happening right here!  
  
The campaign begins on the 26th of October 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Peace and Prosperity through Production  
  
3301-07-03   
  
Peace and Prosperity through Production   
  
  
  
The Utopians unveiled their plans to fight back against the pirates of the Pegasi sector today, at a meeting held aboard Yolen Hub in HIP 116213.  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal was met with wild cheers from the gathered crowds as he spoke about the sector’s recent spate of conflicts with the Kumo Crew, the resultant economic downturn and Utopia’s plans for turning all of that around.  
  
Outside the station’s no-fire zone, followers of the Simguru demonstrated the effectiveness of Utopian technology when a wing of ships equipped with Enforcer Cannons shredded an Anaconda in under a minute. A clear message to anyone who thinks the Utopians will let their communes be pillaged simply because their overall philosophy leans towards peace.  
  
# Freelance Report: The Reclamation of Facece  
  
3302-07-02   
  
After months of vicious fighting, the Imperial Naval Auxiliary has reinstated the Facece Empire Party as the controlling power of the Facece system.  
  
Marquis Endincite, who coordinated the effort to reclaim the system, made the following statement to the Imperial Herald:  
  
"The Empire Party has regained administration of Facece, and we beseech Imperial commanders everywhere to ensure its continued dominance in the system. Never again should the Empire allow its preeminent naval base to fall under the sway of disloyal elements.  
  
The Allied Facece Order, which seized Facece late last year, retains control of multiple planetary and orbital stations. Fighting is likely to continue for months.  
  
Chancellor Anders Blaine, the systems' administrator, has yet to make an official statement, but he is reportedly preparing to address the Empire, and to commend Marquis Endincite and the Imperial Naval Auxiliary for their service.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Empire  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-09-01   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Independent pilots have engaged a previously unseen type of Thargoid vessel in both the Pleiades Nebula and the core systems. Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis's chief military liaison, confirmed that the new ship – classified as the Hydra – is a variant of the Thargoid Interceptor.  
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson has announced that Aegis Core is to relocate from Socho to the Federal home system of Sol. The move is a response to the criminal occupation of the Socho system, which led to the temporary immobilisation of Aegis's Eagle Eye network, a system of orbital installations designed to determine potential Thargoid attack sites.  
  
Engineer Ram Tah has detected unusual energy signatures in the NGC 2451A sector, the IC 2391 sector and the Synuefe EN-H region. While the precise nature of the signals is unclear, Ram Tah has encouraged independent pilots to investigate.  
  
In other news, the Colonia Council has announced that four engineers have established bases in the Colonia region, to provide services to independent pilots. According to a statement, the Council consulted with engineers in the core systems to identify individuals who could offer similar services in Colonia.  
  
The date of Princess Aisling Duval's wedding to Federal Ambassador Jordan Rochester has passed without comment from either party. While Emperor Arissa and President Hudson are thought to be pleased with the cancellation of the wedding, the silence from Aisling Duval and Jordan Rochester leaves questions about the legitimacy of their relationship unanswered.  
  
Maddox Hurd, owner of Herculean Machines, has publicly dismissed the efforts of rival company Supratech. Mr Hurd denounced the idea of wearable devices as ridiculous, prompting Supratech CEO Scorpio DeVorrow to describe him as a man of "limited imagination".  
  
Meanwhile, Alliance President Gibson Kincaid has begun lobbying to invest the position of president with executive powers. He has also said that the incumbent should remain in office for six years, instead of a maximum of two one-year terms. Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has voiced his opposition to the proposal.  
  
Juanita Bishop, a leading campaigner against the Far God cult, has announced that she is running for Federal Congress. Mrs Bishop's vocal condemnation of Thargoid worship has gained her a strong following in many Federal systems. She is now campaigning to be elected to Congress as an independent candidate.  
  
In related news, the Far God sect has issued a public request for Thargoid materials. It is understood that the objects will be revered as objects of worship, and will not be used in any xenobiological experiments.  
  
Finally, authorities in the Betel system have confirmed that the conflict between Betel Free and the Silver Creative Network has come to an end. Both factions received support from independent combat pilots, to whom generous rewards were promised, but ultimately there could be only one victor. It is hoped that the cessation of hostilities will preface a period of peace.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Galactic News: Halsey Comments on End of Cold War  
  
3303-10-27   
  
With the news that the Empire has withdrawn its fleets from the Pleiades Nebula, apparently signalling the end of the Federal-Imperial cold war, former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has commented on the cessation of hostilities.  
  
Addressing a large crowd in Nerah City on Argent’s Claim, Halsey said:  
  
“Like many of you, I rejoiced when I heard the Federation had recalled its ships. But my jubilation was undercut by the knowledge that our protests and entreaties had failed to move a single Federal or Imperial vessel. Were it not for the emergence of a greater potential threat, the Empire and Federation might still be installed in the Pleiades, squabbling over barnacles. And while the impact of the conflict could have been far greater, it was still far from a bloodless war.”  
  
“I would like to believe that the Federation and Empire have learned from this experience, but I suspect they have not. But I promise you that I will continue to help those affected by such conflicts, for as long as I am able.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-07-04   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week GalNat presents a short list of 10 of the 1666 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
Zi Goan Patron's Principles  
  
Ymbe Patron's Principles  
  
Wadjambaru Confederacy  
  
Social Brivitt Future  
  
HIP 113632 Empire Consulate  
  
San Ti Nobles  
  
Republic Party of HIP 9659  
  
Purple Natural Incorporated  
  
Pipedu Prison Colony  
  
People's HIP 18339 Liberals  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Zachary Hudson Responds to Imperial Criticism  
  
3302-07-02   
  
Yesterday, the Empire joined the debate over the Federation's decision to deploy Farragut Battle Cruisers in the Merope system. In a statement, Senator Zemina Torval asserted that the use of Federal warships represented an attempt to claim possession of the non-human structures found in Merope commonly known as barnacles.  
  
Responding to this criticism, Federal President Zachary Hudson has released a statement to the media:  
  
"Our motives are entirely altruistic. The Federal presence in the Pleiades is motivated solely by a desire to protect the non-human structures located there.  
  
"Since the barnacles were first discovered they have been ruthlessly exploited. Given the barnacles' value to xenobiologists, and taking into consideration the possibility that they may possess some form of sentience, this exploitation cannot be allowed to continue.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-09-04   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Abetti Platform, Ross 1051  
  
George Lucas, Leesti  
  
Napier Station, HIP 94863  
  
Chaviano Dock, Hapats  
  
Sinisalo Holdings, HIP 18305  
  
Thirsk Enterprise, Montet  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Alexandria Dock, Chanab  
  
Alexeyev Hub, HIP 36485  
  
Extra Refinery, Azrael  
  
Matheson Prospect, 45 Tauri  
  
Rond d'Alembert Lab, HIP 88595  
  
Wheelock Ring, Zavijah  
  
# The Founding of the Federation  
  
3301-07-05   
  
The Founding of the Federation  
  
  
  
The Founding of the Federation  
  
In this new series exclusive to GalNet, famed historian Sima Kalhana visits the defining moments of human history since our first brave steps into space and to the star-spanning species we have since become. In this first article, she talks about the founding of the Federation. With a history spanning millennia, it is the oldest of the major factions.  
  
-  
  
In this modern age it’s hard for us to imagine that before the Federation, humanity existed on just a single world, bar a few small colonies on Mars and the Moon. Even stranger to our current experience was the fact that so many disparate tribal groupings, or ‘countries’ existed on one world.  
  
The Federation arose from the ashes of the Third World War in the mid 21st century. The war caused tremendous devastation across the planet, decimating the population.   
  
Many different factors changed humanity’s outlook after that. The rise of the corporations, the discovery of the first fossils on Mars, and the explosive exploration triggered by the invention of the hyperdrive by Li Qin Jao and others in the 22nd century, first by unmanned probes, then with manned craft, overtaking the generation ships sent in the previous decades. Despite the huge dangers involved, a massive land-grab followed, fuelled by the voracious corporations.  
  
It wasn’t until some of the ecological excesses of these early colonists became apparent over a century later that Earth took its first steps, founding the Federation and becoming the colossal entity it is now, creating some order in what had become an unruly free-for-all.  
  
In 2242 the Federation Accord was created outlining certain rights and responsibilities for members, uniting many of the new colonies, by force in some cases. After a short conflict the Taylor Colony in Tau Ceti bacame the first signatory outside the Sol system. The name of the Federation was also changed at this time to the ‘Federation of Star Systems’, but the name didn’t stick and quickly returned to just the Federation.  
  
From that point the Federation provided a stable framework to facilitate the further expansion of humanity to ever more distant star systems but not all colonies wanted a part of this. A distant early colony, formed by a band of political idealists as far from Earth as they could manage, in the system of Achenar would eventually spark another defining moment for the Federation and indeed humanity as a whole.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Analysis from the Galaxy’s Most Powerful  
  
3303-10-27   
  
A number of the galaxy’s most powerful figures have commented on the current galactic landscape, addressing issues such as the return of Thargoids and the recent discovery of outposts formerly occupied by the Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm.  
  
At a society event in the Cubeo system, Princess Aisling Duval said:  
  
“I read the INRA records, and frankly I was sickened. How could they treat living creatures that way? I’ve heard of governments inventing threats to support their military programmes. Maybe that’s what the INRA was. A smokescreen.”  
  
Duval was ushered away from reporters by her publicist before she could say any more.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus, who has spent little time in the public eye since his defeat of the insurgent organisation Emperor’s Dawn, made the following statement on the ‘Galaxy Now’ programme:  
  
“I have reviewed much of the available intelligence on the Thargoids, and it is clear that we are facing a formidable threat. Granted, we do not know the reasons for their hostility, but in my experience such details are rarely important – what’s important is knowing where and when to strike.”  
  
“The formation of Aegis is in my view a sound strategy, and represents a sensible response to this threat. Furthermore, I know Aden Tanner well, and I wholeheartedly believe he is the right man to be guiding Aegis’s military strategy.”  
  
Li Yong-Rui, CEO of the Sirius Corporation, also offered an appraisal of the situation:  
  
“If there’s one thing these INRA logs make plain, it’s that humanity is capable of defeating the Thargoids, especially when we work together. And remember, most of the galaxy is functioning exactly as it always has, despite the presence of these alien aggressors. So let’s maintain some perspective, shall we?”  
  
# Freelance Report: Give and Take  
  
3302-07-02   
  
Today marked Kumo Tribute Day, which sees representatives from systems under the control of Archon Delaine curry favour with the Pirate Lord by presenting him with lavish gifts.  
  
Highlights included the presentation of several Imperial aristocrats, an assortment of rare narcotics and even a live barnacle. One system gifted a gold-plated Federal Corvette equipped with experimental weapons, much to the Pirate Lord's approval.  
  
But several systems were unable to present anything of value, having fallen on difficult times. One unlucky official named Ferdinad Haim, representing the Lusonda system, arrived empty handed, pledging his system's undying loyalty as tribute. As silence descended, the Pirate Lord thanked Haim for his gift before ordering him to prove his loyalty by taking his own life.  
  
As Haim's dead body was removed, one pirate joked: "There's always one who plays the loyalty card. Who do they think we are - the Empire?  
  
Commander Gan  
  
The Privateer | Interstellar Press  
  
## Empire  
  
# Scandal Hits Rochester Family  
  
3304-09-05   
  
The famous actor Tomas Turai, husband of Jupiter Rochester, has been revealed to be having an extramarital affair with an Olympian athlete.  
  
An article in The Mars Tribune stated:  
  
"For the last three years, Tomas Turai has conducted a secret relationship with Reagan Lord, who has won several Olympic gold medals for the Altair system. Their romantic liaison took place without the knowledge of Turei's husband, Jupiter Rochester, or their two children.  
  
There has been no response from Jupiter Rochester. The Rochester family is currently in a media lockdown following the cancelled wedding of Ambassador Jordan Rochester and Princess Aisling Duval.  
  
But Tomas Turai and August Lord, husband of Reagan Lord, have both announced their intention to sue The Mars Tribune for defamation. The publication's owner, billionaire Kingsley Cordova, has confirmed that he will personally cover all legal costs in contesting both civil actions.  
  
Lana Sigrid, chief editor of The Mars Tribune, published this comment:  
  
"We have an obligation to publish the truth wherever we find it. The detailed evidence we've obtained about Tomas Turai's behaviour is beyond dispute. We employ the finest journalists in the Federation, and our soaring subscription figures prove we've earned the public's trust.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Emperor's Grace Blocks People’s Princess in Rishair  
  
3301-07-05   
  
Emperor's Grace Blocks People’s Princess in Rishair  
  
  
  
Last week Rishair was the site of political unrest as activists under the banner of "The People's Princess", Aisling Duval, moved in to disrupt the long standing Imperial slave trade of Rishair. These activists have enjoyed highly celebrated and publicized successful protests in many Imperial systems. However, these fanatical rogue elements operating in support of the People’s Princess were given a stark reminder today not to interfere with correct Imperial procedure after mediation attempts by representatives of Admiral Brennus failed.  
  
Rishair is currently the Headquarters for Admiral Brennus, leader of Emperor's Grace and an influential officer in the Imerial Navy. Although Brennus rarely intervenes on purely political matters, he could not stand by and let politics inhibit trade in his vital systems. After failed attempts at resolving the matter diplomatically, Brennus was overheard as saying "I have no patience for this. Contact Senator Patreus, he somehow has the ability to deal with this nonsense!" according to an anonymous Emperor's Grace staff member.  
  
Immediately thereafter, the Rishair system was prepared to come under the protection of Senator Denton Patreus, in a sign of support to Admiral Brennus and Emperor's Grace through what has become known as Operation BBH by Brennus’ advisors. Senator Patreus agreed to step in on Brennus' and Emperor's Grace behalf to establish Rishair and surrounding systems as a military preparation site, legally suspending any rights to protest within the militarized zone.  
  
Although there have been many complaints from the dislodged activists, there has been no comment from Princess Aisling Duval or her staff. Some have commented that this is not surprising given her public relationship with Patreus.  
  
Raf von Thorn  
  
Emperors Grace.  
  
# Galactic News: Capital Ships Vulnerable to Thargoid Attack  
  
3303-10-27   
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, has addressed reports of capital ships being destroyed by the Thargoids.  
  
“Although the shutdown field neutraliser developed by Aegis is capable of protecting small ships, we have encountered difficulties adapting the technology to larger spacecraft. Furthermore, the fact that Thargoids tend to target larger vessels with multiple shutdown beams simultaneously makes the task of protecting them more difficult.”  
  
“The fact that capital-class ships are more vulnerable to Thargoid attack means they are an ineffective way of protecting outposts, planets and shipping lanes. Consequently, for the present, the deployment of capital ships is not considered an effective defence strategy.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Debate over Federal Intervention Continues  
  
3302-07-04   
  
As the debate rages over the presence of the Federal battle cruiser Thanatos at Merope 2 A, public opinion has reached a crescendo. Commanders throughout the galaxy are weighing in. Is the Federal presence warranted?  
  
While some Commanders applaud the Federation for its efforts to conserve the barnacles, just as many condemn the action.  
  
One pilot, who wishes to remain anonymous but who supports the Federation, said: "Whether or not you believe the barnacles are sentient, they're currently our only known source of meta-alloys. That in itself should warrant renewable harvesting techniques, rather than the vicious exploitation that has taken place so far.  
  
Others are just as adamant that everyone should be allowed to access the barnacles, and that the Federation has no right to place restrictions on valuable resources.  
  
Another Commander said: "Typical Feds, sticking their nose into something that has nothing to do with them.  
  
Commander BluWolve  
  
## Federation  
  
# Gnosis Stranded  
  
3304-09-06   
  
A scientific-research vessel has been left stranded following a Thargoid attack.  
  
The Gnosis, flagship of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, recently made a hyperspace jump towards the Cone Sector FN-J B9-0 system. A short time later, the following message was received from Captain Mathius Leander of the Gnosis command crew:  
  
"We were a short way into our journey when the Gnosis was hyperdicted by a group of Thargoid vessels. The wrench back into real space caused severe internal damage to multiple systems, including the frame shift drive.  
  
"There's no doubt that we would have been destroyed if not for some of the Commanders travelling with us. They lured the Thargoids away while ejecting meta-alloys from their holds. The aliens were more interested in scooping up the meta-alloys than attacking us. The Commanders later reported that the Thargoid vessels were the recently identified Hydra Interceptors.  
  
"The Gnosis is currently adrift close to the eighth planet of the Outotz ST-I d9-6 system. We have begun essential repairs, but there is a risk that the Thargoids may return before we can escape the system.  
  
# Aisling Supporters Pledge to Legion  
  
3301-07-06   
  
Aisling Supporters Pledge to Legion  
  
  
  
Independent Commanders in support of the People's Princess Aisling Duval have come together in recent weeks under Commander Andariel in the 'Thirteenth Legion'. One Commander reported:  
  
'I was tired of being interdicted every time I tried to run a crate of medicinal supplies in support of the Angels. I sold my cargo bays, fitted shield banks and upgraded my weapon system. Commander Andariel told me where to fight and how.'  
  
At least some Imperial nobility is supporting the pledge of Commander Andariel and others like him. Count Jeffrey Alexander Ryan of Ugain added, 'So many people want to support, few realise how to do it. Some want to trade, others run cargo specifically for my Princess. Some know how to fight, but until the Thirteenth was formed, few knew how to do it making each laser pulse count'.  
  
The Thirteenth Legion has built its base on Chona.  
  
# Galactic News: Halsey Comments on End of Cold War  
  
3303-10-28   
  
With the news that the Empire has withdrawn its fleets from the Pleiades Nebula, apparently signalling the end of the Federal-Imperial cold war, former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has commented on the cessation of hostilities.  
  
Addressing a large crowd in Nerah City on Argent’s Claim, Halsey said:  
  
“Like many of you, I rejoiced when I heard the Federation had recalled its ships. But my jubilation was undercut by the knowledge that our protests and entreaties had failed to move a single Federal or Imperial vessel. Were it not for the emergence of a greater potential threat, the Empire and Federation might still be installed in the Pleiades, squabbling over barnacles. And while the impact of the conflict could have been far greater, it was still far from a bloodless war.”  
  
“I would like to believe that the Federation and Empire have learned from this experience, but I suspect they have not. But I promise you that I will continue to help those affected by such conflicts, for as long as I am able.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Assembly to Vote on Proposed Changes  
  
3304-09-06   
  
The Alliance Assembly has agreed to hold an internal vote on President Gibson Kincaid's proposed changes to the constitution.  
  
Kincaid has lobbied for the role of president to be invested with executive powers, and for each presidential term to last six years.  
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon told the media:  
  
"After much discussion, the Assembly has agreed to vote on President Kincaid's proposals in mid-October, at the same time as the presidential election. We will announce any amendments to the constitution shortly afterwards.  
  
Milo Vesper, editor of The Alliance Tribune, discussed this development:  
  
"President Kincaid's proposals are seen by some as a long-overdue restructure of the political system. Compared to the current bureaucratic procedure, having a single person make all executive decisions has an obvious appeal. But some in the Assembly are concerned that such changes could imbue the president with emperor-like levels of authority.  
  
"Prime Minister Mahon is playing down such fears, but the words 'constitutional crisis' have already been heard in Parliament. Whatever happens, this could be the most significant election in the Alliance's history.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-07-06   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Analysis from the Galaxy’s Most Powerful  
  
3303-10-28   
  
A number of the galaxy’s most powerful figures have commented on the current galactic landscape, addressing issues such as the return of Thargoids and the recent discovery of outposts formerly occupied by the Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm.  
  
At a society event in the Cubeo system, Princess Aisling Duval said:  
  
“I read the INRA records, and frankly I was sickened. How could they treat living creatures that way? I’ve heard of governments inventing threats to support their military programmes. Maybe that’s what the INRA was. A smokescreen.”  
  
Duval was ushered away from reporters by her publicist before she could say any more.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus, who has spent little time in the public eye since his defeat of the insurgent organisation Emperor’s Dawn, made the following statement on the ‘Galaxy Now’ programme:  
  
“I have reviewed much of the available intelligence on the Thargoids, and it is clear that we are facing a formidable threat. Granted, we do not know the reasons for their hostility, but in my experience such details are rarely important – what’s important is knowing where and when to strike.”  
  
“The formation of Aegis is in my view a sound strategy, and represents a sensible response to this threat. Furthermore, I know Aden Tanner well, and I wholeheartedly believe he is the right man to be guiding Aegis’s military strategy.”  
  
Li Yong-Rui, CEO of the Sirius Corporation, also offered an appraisal of the situation:  
  
“If there’s one thing these INRA logs make plain, it’s that humanity is capable of defeating the Thargoids, especially when we work together. And remember, most of the galaxy is functioning exactly as it always has, despite the presence of these alien aggressors. So let’s maintain some perspective, shall we?”  
  
# Open Osmium Contract in Abres  
  
3301-07-06   
  
Open Osmium Contract in Abres  
  
  
  
The governing authorities for Pangborn Dock in the Abres star system today released an open contract for a staggering quantity of Osmium.  
  
Osmium is a relatively rare transition metal with outstanding hardness and durability properties. It is often used in specialist alloys for starship construction and other heavy industry. While it is uncommon, analysts claim that there is ample supply in circulation for current civilian and military manufacturing requirements. This has led to speculation that a new player may emerge in ship construction or even that a covert build-up of military ships is being prepared.  
  
Dale Torrance, the Business Development Spokesperson for Pangborn Dock, refused to speculate on the rumours:  
  
“Osmium is a material used throughout industry. As the chosen partner in this venture, we are pleased to announce that there will be significant credit bonuses for the successful completion of this contract.”   
  
He then encouraged miners to investigate the contract for more information.  
  
# Freelance Report: Border Coalition Backs SEPP  
  
3302-07-07   
  
In an emergency meeting at Iren's Dock on the 3rd of July 3302, the Border Coalition presented the Manite-Piscium-Pact to an assembly of interested parties. The outcome was a unanimous decision to back the Social Eleu Progressive Party in the Rise to Power campaign. The vote was swayed by a personal intervention from Duke Tiberius of Mikunn, who said:  
  
"We believe in exploration, colonization and scientific discovery. These ideas are bigger than Mikunn or Manite, bigger than the Border Coalition, bigger even than the outer colonies. For this reason the Border Coalition will be backing the SEPP in its bid for power.  
  
The Border Coalition evidently hopes that the faction that triumphs in the Rise to Power share its belief in the value of peaceful exploration, colonization and scientific discovery – a view shared by a significant number of other influential factions.  
  
A diplomatic summit is scheduled for Wednesday the 13th of July 3302 to discuss which options would be considered in the event of a GalCop victory, including a full backing of the EG Pilots.  
  
Valentina Tereshkova  
  
# Alliance Presidential Gala  
  
3304-09-06   
  
The Alioth Independents has announced plans to host a gala event in the Alioth system, to officially begin the Alliance presidential election.  
  
The event will give the as-yet unannounced presidential candidates an opportunity to meet distinguished figures from among the upper echelons of Alliance society.  
  
Durien Ballas, chairman of Alioth Independents, issued the following statement:  
  
"Everyone's heard of President Gibson Kincaid, but the other candidates may not be so well known. This will be their chance to shine. As well as hosting key members of the Alliance Assembly, we can also confirm that Prime Minister Edmund Mahon and three members of the Council of Admirals will be in attendance.  
  
To make this a truly spectacular event, the Alioth Independents have placed an open order for Esuseku Caviar, Ceremonial Heike Tea and Live Hecate Sea Worms, promising to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Smith Landing in the Amber system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing material to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 6th of September 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Memorandum of Understanding between citizens of Utopia and Sirius Corp  
  
3301-07-07   
  
Memorandum of Understanding between citizens of Utopia and Sirius Corp  
  
  
  
In their convictions that their interests coincide with each other, Commanders following Simguru Pranav Antal and those in the employ of Sirius Gov have agreed a non-aggression pact. They recognise each other’s right to exist, and to co-exist in harmony and in peace. Their ships are free to travel within each other's space.  
  
All freelance Commanders wishing to sign the pact are welcomed in Lembava or Polevnic to do so and make sure that part of the galaxy will be more secure in the future.  
  
This agreement has been made to seek the benefit of both their independent territories as a whole, to promote trade between the two powers and ensure the continued existence of civilization devoted to future prosperity rather than past tradition or present comfort.  
  
# Galactic News: Capital Ships Vulnerable to Thargoid Attack  
  
3303-10-28   
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, has addressed reports of capital ships being destroyed by the Thargoids.  
  
“Although the shutdown field neutraliser developed by Aegis is capable of protecting small ships, we have encountered difficulties adapting the technology to larger spacecraft. Furthermore, the fact that Thargoids tend to target larger vessels with multiple shutdown beams simultaneously makes the task of protecting them more difficult.”  
  
“The fact that capital-class ships are more vulnerable to Thargoid attack means they are an ineffective way of protecting outposts, planets and shipping lanes. Consequently, for the present, the deployment of capital ships is not considered an effective defence strategy.”  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-07-07   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Fozard Dock, HIP 19934   
  
Irens Dock, Manite   
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28   
  
Jaques Station, Gliese 1269  
  
Robigo Mines, Robigo  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
# Far God Campaign Concludes  
  
3304-09-06   
  
LHS 2541 Alliance Combine has announced that its request for Thargoid materials for the Far God sect has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community.  
  
Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Wheelock Ring in the Zavijah system, and by eliminating agitators in Zavijah, thereby ensuring the safety of traders contributing to the initiative.  
  
Chancellor Reegan Tanner, speaking on behalf of LHS 2541 Alliance Combine, released the following statement:  
  
"We would like to thank those pilots who delivered Thargoid materials, thus contributing to the furtherance of religious freedom throughout the galaxy. At this point we would also like to address rumours that the Far God sect is experimenting on willing test subjects in the hopes of ascending to a higher form of life. We assert, in the strongest of terms, that this is baseless gossip.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Wheelock Ring in the Zavijah system.  
  
# Fuel Rat Rescue Operation Saves Millions of Credits  
  
3301-07-07   
  
Fuel Rat Rescue Operation Saves Millions of Credits  
  
  
  
"I was on my way back from deep space last week when I made a horrible mistake,” stated Commander Fionn Mac Cumhaill. “Running low on fuel, I found a nearby Red Dwarf and expected to fill my tanks but when I exited Frameshift I found myself staring down a T-Tauri with nothing but fumes in my tank. I’d failed to reset my target. That’s when I called the Fuel Rats.  
  
Commanders Beornfrið, Kerenn and Anuranium responded, locating the drifting Asp Explorer in the PRAEA EUQ SY-S B3-3 system just as its oxygen level dropped to 41 seconds of sustainable life support.  
  
"They saved my Asp and 12 million credits of exploration data" said Mac Cumhaill. "I owe them my Pilots Federation promotion to 'Pioneer'.  
  
The Fuel Rat’s dispatch service is in operation around the clock. When you’re out of fuel don’t hesitate. Make the call.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Rescue Operation in the Pleiades  
  
3303-11-02   
  
Cooper Research Associates have launched a rescue operation to recover personal effects, data and people from Thargoid attack sites in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
The organisation has promised to reward pilots who deliver occupied escape pods, damaged escape pods, black boxes and personal effects to the search-and-rescue contact at The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 system.  
  
A spokesperson for Cooper Research Associates released a brief statement:  
  
“Eyewitnesses have reported that Thargoid vessels are taking occupied escape pods from ships they have attacked. It is therefore essential that we recover any and all individuals from these attack sites before they can be similarly abducted.”  
  
The operation begins on the 2nd of November 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: EG Pilots Victorious  
  
3302-07-07   
  
Last week saw the start of the Rise to Power competition, a three-week campaign to determine which of the galaxy's largest factions wields the greatest degree of power and influence. The winner of the competition will be in a position to compete with the galaxy's major power players.  
  
The first Rise to Power event required pilots to gather Gilya signature weapons for their chosen faction and deliver it to Gohar Station in the Jaradharre system. The week-long event saw plenty of conflict, with pilots doing everything in their power to disrupt their rivals' operations.  
  
The final tally indicates that the EG Pilots are the winner of the first Rise to Power heat, having received the largest quantity of Gilya signature weapons. But whether the EG Pilots will claim ultimate victory remains to be seen.  
  
# Thargoid-Sympathiser Arrests Increase  
  
3304-09-07   
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has increased arrests of potential Thargoid sympathisers, as it continues to investigate the Far God cult.  
  
Independent reporter Gethin Okonkwo, who first raised awareness of doomsayer cults in the core systems, has been reported missing and is assumed to have been arrested. Many others who were researching the Far God sect remain in custody, including leading exotheologian Dr Alfred Ulyanov.  
  
The FIA has also shut down the Galactic Interfaith Commune and apprehended its spokesperson, Dr Jameelah Griffin. Several similar organisations, including the Spiritual Freedom Movement, have been closed down.  
  
Independent observers have confirmed that the FIA has discovered further empty Far God hive-chapels. The whereabouts of hundreds of adherents remains unknown. In an effort to uncover clues, arrests of associates and family members of Far God worshippers has intensified.  
  
Senior Agent Micah Whitefield gave a brief statement:  
  
"We will leave no stone unturned in our mission to identify Thargoid influences. The disappearance of Far God chapters is clearly a coordinated operation of either human or alien design. We warn anyone who may be harbouring cult members that they are impeding a Federal investigation, and will face criminal charges.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-07-07   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
The following are 10 of the 390 minor factions are in lockdown:  
  
Yupini Imperial Society  
  
Ildaker Prison Colony  
  
LHS 1852 Empire League  
  
HIP 82032 Silver Society  
  
Pirates of Sheela Na Gig  
  
Green Party of LFT 926  
  
Natural Contien Movement  
  
Peckollerci Democrats  
  
Conservatives of Comanga  
  
Crowfor Vision Services  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can reduce the lockdown period.  
  
These are 10 of the 824 minor factions are experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Wong Guin Imperial Society  
  
Freedom Party of LHS 3447  
  
Irukama Mafia  
  
Halbangaay Imperial Society  
  
Ninabin Jet Advanced Inc  
  
Ngarawe Empire Pact  
  
Kalana Independents  
  
Morommo Incorporated  
  
Pirates of Luyten's Star  
  
Synteini Industries  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Halloween Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-11-02   
  
A spokesperson for the Hallowed Chapter of LHS 2094 has announced that its appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots took to their ships to deliver goods to the LHS 2094 system for an opulent Halloween party, and to protect those ferrying commodities to Patterson Vision.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, a spokesperson for the Hallowed Chapter of LHS 2094 released the following statement:  
  
“This is going to be one of the greatest Halloween parties of all time! Who cares if the Thargoids kill us all – at least we’ll go out with a bang. And we won’t have to live with the hangover!”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Patterson Vision in the LHS 2094 system.  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored to Graill Redd  
  
3302-07-07   
  
The Graill Redd Liberals have announced that their campaign to clear the Graill Redd system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the communists operating in the system.  
  
Authorities in the Graill Redd system have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation. Rewards for those who contributed to the initiative are now available for collection at J. G. Ballard Gateway.  
  
# Fire Destroys Supratech Facility  
  
3304-09-07   
  
A manufacturing complex owned by computer company Supratech has been destroyed by fire.  
  
All on-site personnel managed to escape the blaze without injury. Emergency crews were soon in attendance, but were unable to prevent the fire from swiftly consuming the facility.  
  
Supratech CEO Scorpio DeVorrow made this statement:  
  
"I regret to announce that the fire has ruined our main production complex. Dozens of prototype Torc units were also irreparably damaged. This is a severe setback in the development of our new design.  
  
"Investigators have been unable to pinpoint the cause of the blaze, or to explain why the fire-suppression system in our state-of-the-art complex malfunctioned so completely. Along with the security cameras, internal alarms and thermal sensors.  
  
Maddox Hurd, head of rival company Herculean Machines, commented:  
  
"I'm glad to hear that everyone made it out okay. But I have to say, if Supratech's facilities are that poorly designed, I'd hate to imagine what their products are like.  
  
Both companies are due to unveil new personal computing devices at the Rackham Ultratech Expo in October, although it is now unclear if Supratech will take part in the trade show.  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-07-08   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT) the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period to assemble the latest data.  
  
Any pilots who operate for any of the powers should ensure that they deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time for their activities to be registered.  
  
# Community Goal: Operation Andronicus  
  
3303-11-02   
  
With Thargoid attacks becoming a regular occurrence in the Pleiades Nebula, Aegis has leveraged its considerable reserves to fund a military operation in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55. The initiative, dubbed ‘Operation Andronicus’, has been expressly conceived to counter Thargoid aggression in the region.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, elaborated on the nature of the initiative:  
  
“Personal-scale craft are particularly effective against Thargoid vessels, not least because of the comparative vulnerability of capital-class ships. I therefore believe the most effective way to address the Thargoid threat – in the short term at least – is a militia of seasoned combat pilots. Aegis has agreed to finance this initiative, which will aim to deliver a strategic blow to the Thargoids in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55.”  
  
Aegis Research has confirmed that it will reward pilots who hand in Pilots Federation Combat Bonds at The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55.  
  
The operation begins on the 2nd of November 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Federal Expansion Campaign Begins  
  
3302-07-07   
  
The Future of Segovan, a Federal organisation based in the Segovan system, has announced plans to construct a number of new Federal Naval outposts, starting in Segovan and reaching out into the Pleiades sector.  
  
The bases will serve as resupply points for Federal vessels, and will support ongoing Federal operations in the region.  
  
A spokesperson for the Future of Segovan said:  
  
"This is an ambitious initiative that will only succeed with the support of the galactic community. We are therefore calling on all Federation-aligned pilots to deliver insulating membrane, gallium and power generators to our base of operations at Ramsbottom Hub, so we can start work on the first outpost.  
  
The initiative begins on the 7th of July 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-09-08   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
The Alliance Assembly has agreed to vote on President Gibson Kincaid's proposed changes to the constitution. Kincaid has lobbied for the role of president to be invested with executive powers, and for each presidential term to last six years. The vote will take place in mid-October, at the same time as the presidential election.  
  
A manufacturing complex owned by computer company Supratech has been destroyed by fire. All personnel managed to escape the blaze, but the fire has ruined the company's main production complex. Company CEO Scorpio DeVorrow expressed incredulity at the failure of the facility's fire-suppression system.  
  
Meanwhile, the Federal Intelligence Agency has increased arrests of potential Thargoid sympathisers, as it continues to investigate the Far God cult. Independent observers have confirmed that the FIA has discovered further empty Far God hive-chapels. The whereabouts of hundreds of adherents remains unknown.  
  
The Gnosis, flagship of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, has been left stranded following a Thargoid attack. A message from the ship's command crew confirmed that the incident caused severe internal damage to multiple systems, including the frame shift drive. The Gnosis is currently adrift close to the eighth planet of the Outotz ST-I d9-6 system.  
  
In other news, The Mars Tribune has revealed that actor Tomas Turai, husband of Jupiter Rochester, has been having an extramarital affair with Olympian athlete Reagan Lord. Tomas Turai and August Lord, husband of Reagan Lord, have both announced their intention to sue The Tribune for defamation. The publication's owner, billionaire Kingsley Cordova, has confirmed that he will cover all legal costs in contesting both civil actions.  
  
Finally, a public appeal for Thargoid materials from the Far God sect has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Chancellor Reegan Tanner, speaking on behalf of the organising faction, said the success of the initiative was a victory for religious freedom.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Ambitious Plans for Carns  
  
3301-07-08   
  
Ambitious Plans for Carns  
  
  
  
The leadership for Humason Orbital in the Carns system responded today to a report released earlier in the week, suggesting that the mining operations in the system would soon become uneconomical.  
  
Plans were revealed to upgrade the extraction and industrial facilities to support high tech operations. In the press briefing Ramon Lamor, Deputy Communications Officer, commented:  
  
“We should not see the closure of the mines as a problem, but as an opportunity for this system to become a greater player in the economy of the surrounding region. Our researchers have identified a gap in the high technology market that we can exploit.”  
  
He then outlined an extensive programme of acquisitions to provide the robotics needed for the new product lines, which would see both the extraction and industrial concerns replaced. When questioned about the effects of this change on existing businesses, he replied:  
  
“There will obviously be a number of changes with this global shift in focus. However, if we are to thrive in the future then these adjustments must be made. We will provide both financial and logistical support to corporations operating in Carns.”  
  
At the close of the briefing, he stated that the nature of the local workforce would also need to change and that further information would be revealed within the next few days.  
  
# Community Goal: Rescue Operation in the Pleiades  
  
3303-11-03   
  
Cooper Research Associates have launched a rescue operation to recover personal effects, data and people from Thargoid attack sites in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
The organisation has promised to reward pilots who deliver occupied escape pods, damaged escape pods, black boxes and personal effects to the search-and-rescue contact at The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 system.  
  
A spokesperson for Cooper Research Associates released a brief statement:  
  
“Eyewitnesses have reported that Thargoid vessels are taking occupied escape pods from ships they have attacked. It is therefore essential that we recover any and all individuals from these attack sites before they can be similarly abducted.”  
  
The operation begins on the 2nd of November 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The XG Project  
  
3304-09-12   
  
In an interview with independent media outlet Vox Galactica, engineer Ram Tah has discussed the XG Project, which produced the recently released XG fighters.  
  
"Ever since the first Guardian ruins were discovered, I've been trying to combine their technology with our own. I drew up a blueprint for the original fighter, the XG1, before inviting other technicians to refine the design with a view to producing something commercially viable.  
  
"The seventh iteration, the XG7, successfully merged human and Guardian ingenuity. The XG8 Javelin and XG9 Lance soon followed.  
  
When asked what the future holds, Ram Tah remarked:  
  
"My hope is that the XG Project is merely the start of a whole new era of technological development. While the current focus is the Thargoid threat, the achievements of our galactic forebears might one day improve every aspect of society.  
  
# Galactic News: Jaques Station on the Mend  
  
3302-07-07   
  
Only a week after an independent mission was launched to bring aid to Jaques Station, personnel at the starport have reported that limited repairs have been completed. A member of the station's technical team confirmed that meta-alloys had been used to partially restore the starport's commodities market, and went on to say:  
  
"We're hugely grateful to all the pilots who have so selflessly made the long trek to Eol Prou RS-T d3-94. But we feel bad about not being able to reimburse those who schlepped out here, so we're trying to secure funds for a proper campaign to repair the starport. More details will follow soon.  
  
Meanwhile, reports have surfaced of an increasing number of independent pilots and civilian delegations departing for Eol Prou RS-T d3-94, indicating a strong impulse to establish permanent bases in the region.  
  
# Galactic News: Halloween Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-11-03   
  
A spokesperson for the Hallowed Chapter of LHS 2094 has announced that its appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots took to their ships to deliver goods to the LHS 2094 system for an opulent Halloween party, and to protect those ferrying commodities to Patterson Vision.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, a spokesperson for the Hallowed Chapter of LHS 2094 released the following statement:  
  
“This is going to be one of the greatest Halloween parties of all time! Who cares if the Thargoids kill us all – at least we’ll go out with a bang. And we won’t have to live with the hangover!”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Patterson Vision in the LHS 2094 system.  
  
# United Imperial Offensive into Pegasi Sector  
  
3301-07-08   
  
United Imperial Offensive into Pegasi Sector  
  
  
  
Apathy toward the Kumo Crew’s activities on the fringes of Federation space was replaced by the full wrath of Senators Patreus and Lavigny-Duval as the Imperial system of Cuchua came under attack this week.  
  
A high ranking officer of Lavigny’s Legion offered the following words as the Legion deployed to assist Patreus’ forces in Cuchua:   
  
"We ask all who are loyal to Princess Arissa to join with us in bringing Imperial justice to these barbarians that think us weak like the Federation.”  
  
The call has been heeded by pilots in every major Imperial power.  
  
The expeditionary forces launched a two-pronged attack, spearheaded by the Velites Squadron of Lavigny’s Legion, targeting Kumo ships in Cuchua and Harma. The operations, code named “Charybdis” and “Davy Jones,” have led to the downing of hundreds of pirate vessels and dozens of Kumo Commanders. Imperial casualties have been minimal, but the fighting continues.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: The Rise to Power Continues  
  
3302-07-07   
  
The first stage of the Rise to Power campaign is over, and the second is about to begin.  
  
This phase of the competition will focus on what has been euphemistically referred to as commodity reallocation, with pilots being asked to gather as many technical blueprints as they can for their chosen faction. The only condition is that the technical blueprints be obtained unlawfully...which is to say stolen. The group with the most technical blueprints at the end of the event will be declared the winner.  
  
The Rise to Power competition will run for a total of three weeks, and the victor will go on to join the ranks of the galaxy's major power players.  
  
The event begins on the 7th of July 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Calls to Execute Far God Worshippers  
  
3304-09-13   
  
Juanita Bishop has called on Federal Congress to make Thargoid worship a capital crime, and for all members of the Far God cult to be executed.  
  
Addressing a rally during her congressional campaign, Mrs Bishop stated:  
  
"I speak for all those who live in fear of Thargoid infiltration. If elected, I will make sure this foul cult is outlawed and all its followers put to death. Congress has a duty to protect families from these alien-loving collaborators.  
  
Vihaan Niven, an independent political analyst, commented:  
  
"Juanita Bishop's statement has triggered considerable debate in Congress. Some congressmen have aligned with her, eager to be seen as 'tough on Thargoids'. But others have criticised Mrs Bishop for her 'inhumane rhetoric' and for proposing the execution of Federal citizens without trial.  
  
"Meanwhile, the Federal Intelligence Agency continues to arrest adherents of the Far God sect and detain those who have had contact with them. As casualties from the Thargoid conflict mount, it's hard to see this most unlikely of faiths surviving much longer.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-07-08   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report indicates some of the minor factions enduring significant health issues such as famine and outbreaks (*).  
  
Outbreaks have been reported by the following minor factions:  
  
LHS 115 Democrats  
  
Like famines, outbreaks cause a major disruption to the inhabitants’ standard of living. Resupply of medicines and related trade contracts are needed to end the outbreak. Due to the state of emergency combat missions and activities provide no effect on influence.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Community Goal: Operation Andronicus  
  
3303-11-03   
  
With Thargoid attacks becoming a regular occurrence in the Pleiades Nebula, Aegis has leveraged its considerable reserves to fund a military operation in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55. The initiative, dubbed ‘Operation Andronicus’, has been expressly conceived to counter Thargoid aggression in the region.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, elaborated on the nature of the initiative:  
  
“Personal-scale craft are particularly effective against Thargoid vessels, not least because of the comparative vulnerability of capital-class ships. I therefore believe the most effective way to address the Thargoid threat – in the short term at least – is a militia of seasoned combat pilots. Aegis has agreed to finance this initiative, which will aim to deliver a strategic blow to the Thargoids in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55.”  
  
Aegis Research has confirmed that it will reward pilots who hand in Pilots Federation Combat Bonds at The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55.  
  
The operation begins on the 2nd of November 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Strategic Resource Denial  
  
3302-07-08   
  
General Alexander Lee, recently retired from United Teaka First, made a guest appearance on the independent talk show Affairs of State this weekend. General Lee responded to questions regarding Federal fleets stationed at barnacle sites.  
  
"Strategic resource acquisition and denial is key in any conflict. It is accomplished by taking resource-rich territory by force, by destroying one's own resources when in retreat, and various other means. The presence of Federation warships at barnacle sites follows this strategic behaviour.  
  
"It doesn't take a grand strategist to see what's happening. The Federation has secured a key strategic asset – the only resource known to counter damage inflicted by Unknown Artefacts. Even if the Federation doesn't intend to collect the meta-alloys, the Empire will be forced to respond by either securing alternative sites, or by contesting current Federation claims. In either case, Independent systems afflicted by UA malfunctions will continue to suffer.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Manatee Megaship Initiative  
  
3304-09-13   
  
The Libertas Cooperative has announced plans to construct a manatee farm on behalf of food supplier Munshin Manatee Meat. This will take the form of a megaship, where the creatures will be bred, processed and prepared for distribution.  
  
Progenitor Selena Conley of the Libertas Cooperative issued the following statement:  
  
"For years, the people of Munshin have been lucky enough to dine on the finest meat in the galaxy. We are proud to be working in association with Munshin Manatee Meat to help bring their product to a much wider consumer base.  
  
To facilitate construction of the manatee farm, the Libertas Cooperative has placed an open order for land enrichment systems, animal monitors, aquaponic systems and marine equipment. It promises to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Ocrinox's Orbiter in the Munshin system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing material can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 13th of September 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Cosmic State and Emperor's Grace Develop Joint Technology Company  
  
3301-07-08   
  
Cosmic State and Emperor's Grace Develop Joint Technology Company  
  
  
  
It has been formally announced that an Agreement has been reached between Hammer Arms, biggest independent arms dealer with a seat in Hel, Home of Cosmic State and Emperor's Grace. This is the first ever such agreement made by the fiercely proud and independent Cosmic State with an Imperial faction. Grimnir Allvadderung, CEO of Hammer Arms, kindly invited Admiral Brennus of Emperor's Grace to an evening of carousing and competition. It is reported that vast quantities of mead was consumed by both delegations. This was later followed by an axe throwing contest between Grimnir Allvadderung and Vaarwen Mako Brennus, where Grimnir Allvadderung was declared the winner.  
  
As an esteemed friend and ally, Admiral Brennus was presented with a golden axe by Grimnir Allvadderung in what is believed to be proof of a growing friendship between the two leaders.  
  
On the small matter of the Agreement between Cosmic State and Emperor's Grace no information is being made available at this time other than to declare that Cosmic State and Emperor's Grace agree wholeheartedly in a joint venture regarding research and development of technology and weapons. A joint military exercise of Imperial Naval units and Cosmic State forces in the Hel system was also announced.  
  
Phantagor, Cosmic State  
  
# Galactic News: Operation Andronicus Concludes  
  
3303-11-09   
  
Admiral Aden Tanner has confirmed that Operation Andronicus has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by taking to their ships to deliver a strategic blow to the Thargoids in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, Admiral Aden Tanner released a statement:  
  
“The operation’s success proves that small ships, when piloted by seasoned Commanders, are our best hope of addressing the Thargoid threat, at least for the present. Every pilot who took part in this initiative has my sincere gratitude.”  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict can now collect their rewards from The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 system.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Citizens Call for Halsey's Release  
  
3302-07-08   
  
A growing proportion of the Federation's population is clamouring for the release of former Federal president Jasmina Halsey, who is currently a patient at a secure psychiatric facility on Mars. Despite assertions from Halsey's personal staff that the former president entered the facility of her own volition, an increasingly large section of the galactic community apparently holds the view that she was hospitalised not for the good of her health, but in order to silence her.  
  
One of those calling for Halsey's release said:  
  
"It seems even former presidents aren't allowed to speak the truth. Jasmina Halsey is right – we should keep expanding, pushing out into space – but the Federal government isn't interested. And now they've had her imprisoned.  
  
There has been increased discussion on newsfeeds over the past week concerning the former Federal president, and crowds of people have begun congregating outside the Clearwater Clinic, protesting her confinement.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Alliance Gala Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-09-13   
  
The Alioth Independents has announced that its appeal for exotic food and drink has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community. Huge quantities of Esuseku Caviar, Ceremonial Heike Tea and Live Hecate Sea Worms were delivered to Smith Landing over the past week, which will now be used to host their gala event.  
  
With the initiative at an end, Durien Ballas, chairman of the Alioth Independents, issued the following statement:  
  
"This will be an event like no other, and we are proud to be introducing Fazia Silva and Elijah Beck to the galactic stage. Along with Gibson Kincaid, I'm sure they will soon do battle in a good-natured yet robust election campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Smith Landing in the Amber system.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-07-09   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions around the galaxy pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,737 minor factions are holding elections:  
  
League of NLTT 34960 Nationalists  
  
Dominion of NLTT 34960  
  
Jodrell Network  
  
Jodrell Creative Exchange  
  
Dominion of Banda  
  
Freedom Party of Banda  
  
Nervi Bridge Exchange  
  
FT Piscium Values Party  
  
Lombi Focus  
  
Chokota Future  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions are of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Community Goal: Feeding California  
  
3303-11-09   
  
The Spinward Marches Alliance Concern has announced plans to establish an agricultural facility in the Synuefai LX-R d5-28 system, with the aim of supporting the Alliance and Turner Research Group outposts in the California Nebula.  
  
To support this goal, the organisation has asked the galactic community to deliver terrain enrichment systems, crop harvesters and auto fabricators to Hansford’s Landing in the BD+22 4939 system. Commanders who support the campaign will be generously compensated.  
  
Saool Aledon, a senior operative in the Spinward Marches, released the following statement:  
  
“We are well aware of the challenges involved in supporting outposts far from the core systems. We want to leverage our expertise to support the Alliance’s operations in the California Nebula, and we hope we have the support of the galactic community.”  
  
The campaign begins on the 9th of November 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Freelance Report: Strategic Resource Denial  
  
3302-07-08   
  
General Alexander Lee, recently retired from United Teaka First, made a guest appearance on the independent talk show Affairs of State this weekend. General Lee responded to questions regarding Federal fleets stationed at barnacle sites.  
  
"Strategic resource acquisition and denial is key in any conflict. It is accomplished by taking resource-rich territory by force, by destroying one's own resources when in retreat, and various other means. The presence of Federation warships at barnacle sites follows this strategic behaviour.  
  
"It doesn't take a grand strategist to see what's happening. The Federation has secured a key strategic asset – the only resource known to counter damage inflicted by Unknown Artefacts. Even if the Federation doesn't intend to collect the meta-alloys, the Empire will be forced to respond by either securing alternative sites, or by contesting current Federation claims. In either case, Independent systems afflicted by UA malfunctions will continue to suffer.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Candidates for Alliance Presidency Announced  
  
3304-09-14   
  
The candidates in the Alliance presidential election have been announced.  
  
Political journalist Vanya Driscoll shared the news in The Alliance Tribune:  
  
"The candidates running against President Gibson Kincaid, who is seeking a second term, have now launched their campaigns.  
  
"Fazia Silva is a successful entrepreneur from the Vamm system. Although lacking political experience, she intends to leverage her business acumen to increase trade and boost economies throughout the Alliance. She has delegated control of her corporate empire to her sister, freeing her to run for office.  
  
"Elijah Beck, by contrast, is a highly experienced politician. Hailing from the Leesti system, he has served in the Assembly for over four decades. He is generally considered a safe pair of hands, but it's unlikely that he would bring about any significant changes as president.  
  
"Recent polls suggest that Kincaid, Silva and Beck are roughly equal in terms of popular support, but it's still early days. All three will vigorously campaign for support in the coming weeks, in advance of the public vote on Tuesday the 16th of October.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Latest Powerplay Column  
  
3301-07-09   
  
Latest Powerplay Column  
  
  
  
Another week has passed, and the great and powerful of the galaxy continue to vie for power and influence. Who has prospered? Who has struggled? Read on to find out.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval continued to expand at a rapid pace despite the fact that having her forces stretched thin and has lost the systems of Nunus and Varka. With little actual enemy activity, it's this over-expansion that spells trouble for the Senator’s future plans.  
  
Aisling Duval continues to see huge levels of Commander support, and very little hostile action within her space. She continues to expand her influence at a staggering rate. However, in a first such failure to date, her supporters' attempt to expand into Sounti has been countered by Federal pilots.  
  
Zachary Hudson continues to see extremely heavy enemy activity in the systems under his control, although countered by strong fortification. Hudson has attempted to secure four more systems this week, located within his current territory or in uncontested space.  
  
Felicia Winters again had her pledged supporters successfully secure her sphere of influence in the despite massive incursions by hostile fleets. On the expansion front, Winters' results are more mixed, with Lambla and Carnoeck secured, but attempts to expand towards Imperial space firmly countered.  
  
Zemina Torval continues to see a lot of enemy opposition to her expansion, particularly in the areas bordering Federation space. As a result, three of her expansion attempts have failed. However, Zemina Torval's influence has spread to several other systems, and her borders are well-fortified.  
  
Denton Patreus is no longer in as dire straits as he was two cycles ago, having managed to secure and fortify most of his claimed space. His space continues to see significant hostile action, mainly in border systems. As a result, several of his expansion attempts have failed, although the Senator has managed to secure four new systems.  
  
Edmund Mahon continued to shore up and expand his power base this cycle. While Mahon has seen extremely high levels of hostile activity in the strategically placed Bonitou, outside forces have not managed to compromise the security of his systems or stop his ambitious expansion attempts.  
  
Li Yong-Rui of Sirius Gov is building a power-base in an area of inhabited space just as fine or better than Edmund Mahon's. While Akkadia and 39 Tauri, bordering the Federation, have seen high levels of hostile activity, overall this corporation continues to push its borders with little trouble.  
  
Archon Delaine, the leader of the Kumo Crew has been subject to an Imperial counter-offensive this cycle. While the attempts to undermine his systems have been resisted, the pirate conglomerate's growth has been stopped this week. An aggressive expansion attempt into Cuchua, in Patreus space, and another into Matlehi have both been firmly countered.  
  
Pranav Antal and his Utopia continue to have relatively modest political influence, slowly expanding in face of only minor enemy action and steadily shoring up the organisation's current borders. The exception is the Federation system of Ewah, where focused enemy response stopped the Utopian forces.  
  
CMDR Cadoc  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Wolves of Jonai Appeal  
  
3303-11-09   
  
The Central Command of the Wolves of Jonai has announced plans to expand its presence in HR 7047 by constructing a new asteroid base among the rings of HR 7047 2 C. But with a lack of reliable supply lines into the system, the Wolves are relying on the galactic community for help in amassing the necessary materials.  
  
The Jonai Merchant's Guild has been authorised to oversee the appeal, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver titanium, beryllium, explosives, aluminium and palladium to Grant Dock in the HR 7047 system. The Wolves of Jonai have also placed a kill order on all ships on their wanted list, to ensure that those delivering commodities can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 9th of November 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Freelance Report: Federal Expansion Ignites Controversy  
  
3302-07-09   
  
The announcement of Federal plans to expand into the Pleiades Nebula, and the Federation's call for the support of independent pilots, has ignited a firestorm of controversy. Although there is support for the Federation's goals, many have expressed reservations.  
  
One Commander, who wished to remain anonymous due to his rank in the Federal Naval Reserve, clarified his concerns:  
  
"The Federation has a history of concealment when it comes to discoveries suggesting the existence of non-human entities.  
  
"We don't know how long Federal scientists have been experimenting with the Unknown Artefacts and Unknown Probes, but we do know they came to public awareness when they fell out of Federation vessels. We don't know much about the barnacles, but we know the Federation has set up perimeters around them.  
  
"I believe in the Federation," he continued, "but there is an element within it that wants to cover up important information about humanity's place in the galaxy. That information belongs to everyone. We must demand increased transparency and openness before allowing the Federation to assume greater influence.  
  
Commander Corlas  
  
## Federation  
  
# Investors Abandon Herculean Machines  
  
3304-09-14   
  
An anonymous source has revealed that Maddox Hurd, owner of technology company Herculean Machines, was previously investigated by the Federal Security Service.  
  
The source shared recently declassified FSS records on the Rewired news channel, and stated:  
  
"When establishing Herculean five years ago, Maddox Hurd accepted financial contributions from individuals connected to organised-crime networks, such as the Red Family. While Hurd did not technically break the law, the FSS has kept a close eye on him ever since.  
  
In the wake of this news, a number of Herculean Machines' corporate investors withdrew their support. Maddox Hurd told the media:  
  
"This is a smear campaign, and those underhanded snakes at Supratech are behind it!  
  
Scorpio DeVorrow, CEO of rival company Supratech, declined to comment, but Harlow Nassry, technology journalist at The Federal Times, observed:  
  
"With Herculean Machines losing investment and Supratech's facility destroyed, both companies are in a compromised position. Unless they can drum up additional support, neither will be able to unveil their new designs at the Rackham Ultratech Expo in October.  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# Grand Sale of Slaves in Carns  
  
3301-07-09   
  
Grand Sale of Slaves in Carns  
  
  
  
Following up on yesterday’s surprise announcement of changing economic policy in the Carns system, Deputy Communications Officer Ramon Lamor outlined further changes:  
  
“In the fine traditions of the Empire, our extraction facilities relied on the unyielding efforts of our imperial slave workforce. Their devoted service has been the foundation of our historical success. However, in these changing times we need a new skillset to drive the economy. Some of those slaves who possess the correct aptitude or skills are already being prepared for their new roles. For the majority, we are seeking new opportunities for them to continue showing their personal value.”  
  
He went on to explain that the authorities will finance a substantial discount for slaves sold at Humason Orbital. This discount will remain in place until all our imperial slaves have found new places to work.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Pleiades Rescue Operation Concludes  
  
3303-11-09   
  
Cooper Research Associates have announced that their rescue operation has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of independent pilots supported the campaign, taking to their ships to recover people and personal effects from Thargoid attack sites. Many of those rescued are now recovering at The Oracle.  
  
Cooper Research Associates have extended their gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the operation can now collect their rewards from The Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W d1-55 system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Federal Expansion Ignites Controversy  
  
3302-07-09   
  
The announcement of Federal plans to expand into the Pleiades Nebula, and the Federation's call for the support of independent pilots, has ignited a firestorm of controversy. Although there is support for the Federation's goals, many have expressed reservations.  
  
One Commander, who wished to remain anonymous due to his rank in the Federal Naval Reserve, clarified his concerns:  
  
"The Federation has a history of concealment when it comes to discoveries suggesting the existence of non-human entities.  
  
"We don't know how long Federal scientists have been experimenting with the Unknown Artefacts and Unknown Probes, but we do know they came to public awareness when they fell out of Federation vessels. We don't know much about the barnacles, but we know the Federation has set up perimeters around them.  
  
"I believe in the Federation," he continued, "but there is an element within it that wants to cover up important information about humanity's place in the galaxy. That information belongs to everyone. We must demand increased transparency and openness before allowing the Federation to assume greater influence.  
  
Commander Corlas  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-09-15   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
An anonymous source has revealed that Maddox Hurd, owner of technology company Herculean Machines, was previously investigated by the Federal Security Service. The source disclosed that Hurd accepted financial contributions from individuals connected to criminal networks when establishing his company. In the wake of the news, a number of Herculean Machines' corporate investors have withdrawn their support.  
  
The candidates in the Alliance presidential election have been announced: Fazia Silva, a successful entrepreneur from the Vamm system, and Elijah Beck, an experienced politician from Leesti. It is understood that all three candidates – Kincaid, Silva and Beck – are roughly equal in terms of popular support.  
  
Meanwhile, Juanita Bishop has called on Federal Congress to make Thargoid worship a capital crime, and for all members of the Far God cult to be executed. Some Federal congressmen have aligned with Mrs Bishop, eager to be seen as 'tough on Thargoids', but others have criticised her for her inhumane rhetoric.  
  
In other news, Ram Tah has revealed more about the XG Project, which produced the recently released XG fighters. In an interview, the engineer revealed that he had been trying to combine human and Guardian technology since the first Guardian ruins were discovered. He closed the interview by expressing hope that the XG Project was the start of a new era of technological development.  
  
The Libertas Cooperative has announced plans to construct a manatee farm on behalf of food supplier Munshin Manatee Meat. This will take the form of a megaship, where the creatures will be bred, processed and prepared for distribution. To facilitate construction of the manatee farm, the Libertas Cooperative has placed an open order for various commodities.  
  
Finally, the Alioth Independents have announced that their appeal for exotic food and drink has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community. Huge quantities of Esuseku Caviar, Ceremonial Heike Tea and Live Hecate Sea Worms were delivered to Smith Landing over the past week, which will now be used to host a special gala event.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Galactic News: Black Fleet Takes Control of Tiliala  
  
3303-11-10   
  
The GalNet News Agency has learned that the Black Fleet, an independent organisation formerly based in Varpet, has become the dominant faction in the Tiliala system.  
  
The news is significant because access to the system – which was previously controlled by the Conservatives of Tiliala – is dependent on the possession of a permit.  
  
It is understood that the right to grant access to the system is now shared by both the Black Fleet and the Conservatives of Tiliala.  
  
Lanquo Parkes, an expert in territorial disputes, offered the following assessment:  
  
“This is a highly unusual situation, but the Black Fleet expended considerable effort to take control of Tiliala, and it is only right that it be able to control access to the system. The Conservatives of Tiliala have retained the right to issue permits, but they now have only a marginal presence in Tiliala, having relocated to a Wells-class Carrier in nearby Akandinigua.”  
  
The Conservatives have secured the support of various corporate and political partners to ensure their new asset does not fall into enemy hands. One of these partners, who elected to remain anonymous, said:  
  
“We do not want to see our friends suffer any further losses. We have therefore taken steps to ensure their new home, Tiliala’s Lament, cannot be taken from them.”  
  
# Breakthrough in Artefact Research?  
  
3301-07-10   
  
Breakthrough in Artefact Research?  
  
  
  
After meticulous and sometimes tedious investigation, scientists working under Dr Arcanonn have uncovered that the recently discovered "Unknown Artefacts" may have some basis in human technology.  
  
Audio studies of the objects show that they emit a distorted but audible signal matching the very long-established Earth signalling scheme morse code, through which the artefact broadcasts the identity of the nearest celestial body when released into free space.  
  
Speculation is rife as to what purpose the artefacts have - scanners, navigational aids, or Thargoid homing-beacons. All of which is considered more concerning now that it is understood that the artefacts appear to have knowledge of morse code, and thus potentially other human technologies, embedded within them.  
  
Dr Arcanonn's team have renewed their plea to the Federal Government to release any information they possess about the artefacts in order to assist with the continuing research.  
  
# Freelance Report: Taskforce Athena Locks Down Segovan  
  
3302-07-11   
  
In a move likely to further inflame relations between the superpowers, a coalition of Empire-aligned Commanders has declared the Segovan system a no-fly zone. Ramsbottom Hub, the site of an ongoing Federation construction project, has been placed in security lockdown, and traders have been advised that services are currently unavailable.  
  
Commander Kyrthak, a spokesman for Taskforce Athena, the coalition imposing the no-fly zone, made the following statement:  
  
"The actions of the Future of Segovan represent an unbridled attempt to project force into the Pleiades and further exploit the region's Unknown Artefacts and meta-alloys. Taskforce Athena is actively combating Federal security services in order to halt construction of these new Federal outposts. If the Federation continues down this path, it will cost them dearly.  
  
The Federation has placed heavy bounties on the offending Commanders.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-09-19   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Alexandria Dock, Chanab  
  
Rond d'Alembert Lab, HIP 88595  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Black Station, Lausang  
  
Pook Dock, HIP 35873  
  
Somerset Station, I Carinae  
  
Bester Terminal, Jen Nik  
  
Burton Vision, Dimocorna  
  
Cauchy Dock, Decht  
  
Klink Dock, Inino  
  
Semeonis Hub, Nuwach  
  
Sinclair Colony, San Qin Gu  
  
Asimov Landing, LHS 2441  
  
Mouchez Platform, Deacon's Star  
  
Smith Landing, Amber  
  
Descartes Terminal, Nu Guang  
  
Rennie Hub, Kupol Bumba  
  
Wingqvist Terminal, NLTT 57216  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-07-11   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week GalNat presents a short list of 10 of the 1723 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
Segontiaci Imperial Society  
  
Barku Incorporated  
  
Warinegana Crimson Society  
  
Sitakapa Empire League  
  
Ngalua Energy Services  
  
Mileke General Group  
  
Sibiljada Organisation  
  
Barons of Sugag  
  
Kwikumat Purple Dynamic Ltd  
  
Leaders of HIP 43841  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Taipan AX1 Announced  
  
3303-11-10   
  
A spokesperson for Faulcon DeLacy has announced that the manufacturer has teamed up with Aegis to produce a new version of its popular fighter, the Taipan. The spokesperson confirmed that the development was a direct response to the rising Thargoid threat.  
  
Barr Winters, a Faulcon DeLacy engineer who worked on the new Taipan, elaborated on the ship’s specifications:  
  
“The new Taipan has been equipped with two AX multi-cannons, replacing the default utility mount and small hardpoints. These cannons are slightly punchier than standard, which we hope will make the ship particularly effective against Thargoid vessels.”  
  
The new Taipan, which will be known as the AX1, is not to be confused with the existing Aegis Taipan variant. The ship will be available from the 13th of November 3303.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Campaign Resumes  
  
3302-07-11   
  
Four days ago, the Federation launched a campaign to construct a new Federal outpost in the Segovan system. Federally aligned pilots were invited to contribute construction materials to the campaign, but the request proved controversial, with various sections of the galactic community asking why the Federation was expanding towards the Pleiades sector.  
  
Not long after the campaign began, Imperial pilots began targeting traders delivering cargo to the Ramsbottom Hub starport. As the situation escalated, system authorities imposed a system-wide lockdown in an attempt to maintain order. Ramsbottom Hub was closed, and pilots wanting to deliver materials were left with no way of contributing to the campaign. Authorities insisted that the lockdown was intended to keep the system's inhabitants safe, but Federal pilots were understandably frustrated.  
  
Recent reports from Segovan indicate that the Federation has now despatched a deputation to the system – including two Farragut-class Battlecruisers – and convinced system authorities to lift the lockdown. A Federal spokesperson said:  
  
"The lockdown had a negative impact on our campaign, certainly, but the huge quantity of material delivered to Ramsbottom Hub prior to the lockdown means we are still confident we can meet our baseline targets.  
  
"With the lockdown now removed, we would like to renew our plea to Federally aligned pilots to support this vitally important initiative.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Robot Exposes Corporate Fraud  
  
3304-09-20   
  
Business magnate Lloyd Hardacre has been arrested for corporate fraud after his personal administrative robot revealed incriminating evidence.  
  
The incident occurred at Burnell Station during the annual general meeting of Copernicus Shipping Ltd, an interplanetary haulage firm founded by Mr Hardacre.  
  
One witness, a company shareholder, told reporters:  
  
"Halfway through Hardacre's financial presentation, we saw off-the-books logs that were very obviously illegal. Hardacre ordered the robot to stop, but it continued projecting data from its internal drives. Eventually he ran from the hall in panic.  
  
Lieutenant Inspector Ramesh Thorne of the Federal Security Service made this statement:  
  
"We have placed Mr Hardacre in custody while we verify multiple instances of fraud and misuse of company funds. We are also investigating how his personal admin robot managed to obtain such information, and why it chose to make the data public at this time.  
  
# Naval Academy Graduates join Operation Davy Jones in the Pegasi Sector  
  
3301-07-11   
  
Naval Academy Graduates join "Operation Davy Jones" in the Pegasi Sector  
  
  
  
Speaking at the graduation ceremony of the prestigious Naval Academy of Achenar, Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval announced her campaign to liberate the 5.6 billion Imperial citizens scattered throughout the Pegasi sector.  
  
"I wish to extend my personal congratulations for your commitment to personal excellence and to the Empire. As you begin your career in the Imperial Navy, I would draw your attention to a cause that has been neglected far too long. Nearly 6 billion Imperial Citizens are currently subject to the lawless Kumo Crew. An elite Imperial vanguard has engaged the forces of Archon Delaine in what we call "Operation Davy Jones." I invite all graduates who would uphold Imperial order to join the fleet and liberate the Pegasi sector. We will not abandon our people! We will bring these pirates to justice!  
  
Cheers echoed through the auditorium as the Senator concluded her remarks. An astounding 73% of the 10,000 graduates joined the Imperial armada bound for the Pegasi sector.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Black Fleet Takes Control of Tiliala  
  
3303-11-11   
  
The GalNet News Agency has learned that the Black Fleet, an independent organisation formerly based in Varpet, has become the dominant faction in the Tiliala system.  
  
The news is significant because access to the system – which was previously controlled by the Conservatives of Tiliala – is dependent on the possession of a permit.  
  
It is understood that the right to grant access to the system is now shared by both the Black Fleet and the Conservatives of Tiliala.  
  
Lanquo Parkes, an expert in territorial disputes, offered the following assessment:  
  
“This is a highly unusual situation, but the Black Fleet expended considerable effort to take control of Tiliala, and it is only right that it be able to control access to the system. The Conservatives of Tiliala have retained the right to issue permits, but they now have only a marginal presence in Tiliala, having relocated to a Wells-class Carrier in nearby Akandinigua.”  
  
The Conservatives have secured the support of various corporate and political partners to ensure their new asset does not fall into enemy hands. One of these partners, who elected to remain anonymous, said:  
  
“We do not want to see our friends suffer any further losses. We have therefore taken steps to ensure their new home, Tiliala’s Lament, cannot be taken from them.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Federal Expansion Brought to a Halt  
  
3302-07-11   
  
The Federal expansion campaign has been brought to a complete standstill.  
  
Ramsbottom Hub in the Segovan system has entered a state of lockdown, and many independent Commanders who had loaded up on commodities are now unable to complete their deliveries.  
  
The Federation has yet to make an official announcement, but reports have been flooding in from the galactic community on possible causes for the lockdown. Some pilots claim they were attacked by Imperial vessels, while others maintain it was pirates.  
  
Almost 4,000 pilots have contributed over 3.5 million tonnes between them. Now those Commanders are stuck with nowhere to deliver the requested commodities, and are understandably frustrated.  
  
The Federation is receiving the brunt of the backlash. Some are saying that Federal expansion on this scale was always going to receive opposition from the Empire, while others maintain that the Federation should have prepared for this eventuality by offering multiple ports of delivery and better security.  
  
One Commander said: "I'm here to protect the barnacles – I don't care about Feds or Imps. This is a prime example of politics getting in the way of what's truly important. They need to get off their high horses and discuss how we can protect the barnacles.  
  
Commander BluWolve  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Historical Sculptures Stolen  
  
3304-09-20   
  
A collection of historically significant artworks has been stolen from the Imperial Museum of Culture on Eotienses A 3.  
  
A local media report stated:  
  
"The museum's most popular exhibit is the New Dawn Collection, a sequence of sculptures by legendary artist Lal Candromir. These figures date back nearly a thousand years and commemorate the early settlers of Eotienses agreeing to join the Empire.  
  
"This morning, visitors found the entire exhibit empty, with every single one of the Candromir statues gone. Painted onto the wall was a graphic of a winking cat. The museum cannot explain how its security systems were so completely circumvented.  
  
Captain Madoc Evander of the Imperial Internal Security Service commented:  
  
"We are performing forensic analyses and interviewing all staff and visitors. As yet, we cannot confirm any connection between this theft and one that occurred three months ago in the Alioth system, despite the identical 'winking cat' motif. We will make every effort to capture this criminal and recover these precious cultural artefacts.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Leaked Data Causes Concerns over Latest Imperial Technology  
  
3301-07-12   
  
Leaked Data Causes Concerns over Latest Imperial Technology  
  
  
  
News of technical documents posted anonymously via the shady dark network are spreading virally and causing widespread concern among Imperial Pilots. According to the documents some of the new Imperial modules that have been appearing recently are linked to research carried out by the discredited Professor Denzile Dex and doubts about their safety have been raised.  
  
Professor Dex has been missing for several years and it is widely believed that his sudden disappearance was connected to the 4EverYoung life-extension technology scandal. Allegations of shortcuts and the withholding of critical data were made following a spate of cases where users of the technology suffered various deforming and debilitating mutations. Dex vanished shortly before he was due to give evidence to the official inquiry investigating the allegations.  
  
According to the latest story, research seized from Professor Dex at the time of the 4EverYoung scandal formed the basis of the design for a number of the latest Imperial prototypes including the Imperial Hammer and the Prismatic Shield Generators. Anecdotal reports of side effects from the new technology have already begun surfacing and a number of concerned groups have called for an official statement from the Senate about the leak.  
  
One report claims that the harmonic adjustments in the design of the Prismatic Shield Generator can cause temporary cognitive impairment and even psychosis. Other reports link a form of high-level radiation emitted by the Imperial Hammer with increased rates of sterility and hormonal imbalances. One angry commentator even claimed it had caused him to develop female physical characteristics.  
  
## Powerplay modules  
  
# Galactic News: Taipan AX1 Announced  
  
3303-11-11   
  
A spokesperson for Faulcon DeLacy has announced that the manufacturer has teamed up with Aegis to produce a new version of its popular fighter, the Taipan. The spokesperson confirmed that the development was a direct response to the rising Thargoid threat.  
  
Barr Winters, a Faulcon DeLacy engineer who worked on the new Taipan, elaborated on the ship’s specifications:  
  
“The new Taipan has been equipped with two AX multi-cannons, replacing the default utility mount and small hardpoints. These cannons are slightly punchier than standard, which we hope will make the ship particularly effective against Thargoid vessels.”  
  
The new Taipan, which will be known as the AX1, is not to be confused with the existing Aegis Taipan variant. The ship will be available from the 13th of November 3303.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-07-13   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Manatee Megaship Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-09-20   
  
The Libertas Cooperative has announced that its appeal for commodities has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community. Land enrichment systems, animal monitors, aquaponic systems and marine equipment were delivered to Ocrinox's Orbiter over the past week, allowing construction of a megaship where manatees will be farmed.  
  
With the initiative at an end, Progenitor Selena Conley of the Libertas Cooperative issued the following statement:  
  
"The people of Munshin, and our partners at Munshin Manatee Meat, extend the warmest of thanks to all pilots who supported our project. Increased production of manatee meat will give a much-needed boost to the Munshin system's economy.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Ocrinox's Orbiter in the Munshin system.  
  
# The Birth of an Empire  
  
3301-07-12   
  
The Birth of an Empire  
  
  
  
Continuing GalNet’s series about the defining moments in human history, famed historian Sima Kalhana talks about how the Empire came to be.  
  
-  
  
The Empire has become such a dominant presence in human culture that it is easy to forget that for almost a century the heart of what was to become the Empire was just a single system. The Achenar system was first colonised in the middle of the 23rd century. It was founded by an expedition led by Marlin Duval, a wealthy woman who had grown disillusioned by the ever increasing rigidity of the Earth governments and stifling social conformity.  
  
Marlin Duval vowed to get as far from Earth as she could, and after a long and treacherous journey across what was then unexplored space, most of the convoy eventually reached the Achenar system.   
  
The system of Achenar was chosen for the outdoor world orbiting one of its gas giants, already capable of supporting human life, now known as Capitol. There was already life on the planet and though Duval didn’t know it at the time, one of the few known sentient species watched their landings.  
  
Back then, life was known to be plentiful throughout the galaxy, though it wasn’t appreciated how rare sentient life was. Before long the species was made extinct by the settlers, mainly through imported bateria. Much later, this extinction would later be used as a pretext for Federal intervention in the system.  
  
Under Marlin Duval the population lived under idealistic democratic rule with elected Senators representing the people. This changed dramatically after she died in a speeder crash. Her brother, Henson Duval, then assumed control and established the now familiar line of imperial succession. Some claim that he killed his sister to claim power, but this was never proved.   
  
For many years succession was restricted to the male line, and it was claimed various means were used to restrict royal births to only male children. This practice was later abandoned, and recent events at the heart of the Empire indicate that male succession may soon be broken.  
  
In 2324 Federal forces attempted to invade Achenar, with the pretext of causing the alien extinction, but also because of Achenar’s refusal to join the Federation. It was the conclusion of this war which resulted in the birth of the second of humanity’s great power blocs, and cemented Henson’s position as a powerful leader of his people.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Message Found in Celaeno  
  
3303-11-13   
  
A number of news feeds have reported the discovery of an intriguing message in the Celaeno system. The message, which was recovered from a listening post, apparently contains an emergency broadcast from the Aida, a Hogan-class cargo vessel.  
  
The precise nature of the message has not been confirmed, and it is not known if security forces in Celaeno have investigated the issue.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Campaign Derailed Again  
  
3302-07-13   
  
Reports coming in from the Segovan system indicate that the Federation's campaign to construct an outpost in the system has once again been disrupted. Starport personnel have confirmed that the station is experiencing a wide range of technical problems as a result of Unknown Artefact-related interference.  
  
You almost have to admire those Imperial pilots," said one member of starport personnel. "I mean, it's a pain in the ass for us – we've got malfunctions and power outages popping up all over the place – but you've got to respect their determination. First they tried targeting the traders. Then they hit the station with Unknown Artefacts.  
  
Starport authorities were unable to confirm when services at the station would be restored. Meanwhile, Federal President Zachary Hudson issued a statement:  
  
"The individuals responsible for this cowardly attack clearly care nothing for the people of Ramsbottom Hub, whose lives have been severely disrupted. These people are terrorists, pure and simple.  
  
"I want to assure the people of Ramsbottom Hub, and all Federal citizens, that we will find the individuals responsible, and we will make them pay.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Appeal for Computing Commodities  
  
3304-09-20   
  
Two rival technology companies – Supratech and Herculean Machines – have appealed for commodities to support the release of forthcoming products.  
  
Scorpio DeVorrow, CEO of Supratech, issued the following statement:  
  
"The Torc is the latest in personal computing, featuring state-of-the-art holographic technology. Anyone who wants to benefit from the next generation in wearable hardware should support its development.  
  
Meanwhile, Maddox Hurd, head of Herculean Machines, had this to say:  
  
"The Duradrive cannot be rivalled for power or customisability. What people need in this challenging age is a robust product, not some ephemeral toy that malfunctions when exposed to a stiff breeze.  
  
To bring their products to market, both companies have placed open orders for commodities. Supratech requires Conductive Fabrics, Robotics and Microcontrollers, while Herculean Machines has asked for Consumer Technology, Hardware Diagnostic Sensors and Computer Components. Pilots wishing to support Supratech should deliver commodities to Roberts Port in the Fedmich system, while pilots wishing to support Herculean Machines should deliver commodities to Cowper Dock in the Anima system.  
  
The campaigns begin on the 20th of September 3304 and will run for one week. If either party achieves its aims earlier than planned, both campaigns will end immediately.  
  
# Alliance and Sirius Corp Pilots Celebrate Agreement  
  
3301-07-13   
  
Alliance and Sirius Corp Pilots Celebrate Agreement  
  
  
  
The commanders of the Alliance and Sirius Corporation are today celebrating the one month anniversary of the Inter-faction Mutual Benefit Agreement (IMBA). This agreement declared that pilots of both powers shall aid one another wherever possible towards goals of mutual profit, in the expansion of business and in actions against mutual enemies.   
  
Pilots of both factions have been bringing commodities unique of their region to the capital of the other power as a sign of goodwill and of respect of an agreement between natural allies.  
  
# Galactic News: Previously Unseen Thargoid Ships in Electra  
  
3303-11-15   
  
Recent reports indicate that a new kind of Thargoid vessel has been encountered in the Electra system. The previously unseen ships were encountered by independent pilots investigating the wreckage of the Aida, a Hogan-class cargo vessel that was apparently attacked by Thargoids.  
  
The Thargoid ship has been classified as a ‘Basilisk’ Interceptor by the Pilots Federation.  
  
System security forces in Electra offered the following assessment:  
  
“The Basilisk hits harder than the Cyclops, and it’s tougher too. It also deploys a denser swarm of Thargons. Interestingly, all the Basilisks we’ve encountered are heavily scarred, almost as if they’ve been around longer, taken more punishment.”  
  
Authorities in Electra have warned those living in the system to exercise extreme caution, and not to engage Thargoid ships under any circumstances.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Ships to Enter Merope  
  
3302-07-13   
  
Following a recent statement from Senator Zemina Torval in which the seasoned politician criticised the deployment of Federal battlecruisers in the Merope system, Admiral Denton Patreus has entered the debate. At a hastily organised press conference on Capitol, Admiral Patreus addressed the Federal intervention:  
  
"Like Senator Torval, I believe that the Federal presence in Merope represents an attempt to lay claim to the system's non-human structures. This will not stand. An Imperial deputation will therefore be mobilised and despatched to the Merope system. I will take personal command of the fleet, which will depart within the month.  
  
Patreus did not clarify whether the Imperial ships would engage the Federal fleet, or simply establish a counter-blockade. But one thing is for sure: this development can only serve to heighten tensions between the Federation and the Empire.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Presidential Power Struggle  
  
3304-09-21   
  
With the Alliance presidential race gathering speed, political journalist Vanya Driscoll has published an analysis in The Alliance Tribune:  
  
"The election of a new president is usually a ceremonial matter, during which voters select a public 'face' for the Alliance, but this year is a genuine power struggle – one that may have major consequences.  
  
"Elijah Beck is the only candidate who seems content with the status quo. By contrast, entrepreneur Fazia Silva promises to boost the economy and increase commerce. Her new financial policies have been welcomed by interstellar corporations and small businesses alike.  
  
"President Gibson Kincaid is causing the most controversy, however. His proposal that the role of president should include executive powers is being taken seriously by the Assembly. Kincaid claims that having a single controlling voice will enable the Alliance to 'challenge our rivals' dominance'.  
  
"There is a surprising amount of support for this combative rhetoric. Many agree that the Alliance could be stronger, and that Prime Minister Mahon is often hamstrung by bureaucracy. Rumours suggest that the Empire and Federation are watching this election far more closely than usual.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-07-14   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
The following are 10 of the 387 minor factions are in lockdown:  
  
Kassimshipa Company  
  
Blue Comms Corp.  
  
Defence Force of Tanmark  
  
Sietae Empire League  
  
Progressive Party of HR 1254  
  
Caria Empire Assembly  
  
Alpha Fornacis Interstellar  
  
Kamocan Purple Universal Corp  
  
Sopontet Fortune Corp.  
  
Velnians Crew  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can reduce the lockdown period.  
  
These are 10 of the 813 minor factions are experiencing civil unrest:  
  
LHS 3749 Group  
  
CT Tucanae Boys  
  
Rata Bares Purple Dragons  
  
Society of Kemwer  
  
Unkuar Jet Natural Group  
  
Lausang Empire Party  
  
Peckollerci Democrats  
  
Natural Contien Movement  
  
Witchhaul Corporation  
  
Sadhen Purple Partnership  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Lunch in Leesti  
  
3303-11-16   
  
Food lovers from across the galaxy will converge on George Lucas Station in the Leesti system this week in anticipation of a one-of-a-kind gastronomic festival.  
  
'Lunch in Leesti' is a week-long celebration of Leesti's finest restaurants and wineries, offering attendees a chance to sample food prepared by the Master Chefs of Noti.  
  
In addition to enjoying various regional dishes, guests will have an opportunity to sample a range of intergalactic delicacies, imported at great expense by the event organisers, Independent Leesti for Equality. The organisation has placed an open order for Aepyornis Eggs, Ceti Rabbits, Tanmark Tranquil Tea, Tarach Spice and Utgaroar Millennial Eggs, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these rare commodities to George Lucas Station in Leesti.  
  
Aide Elias Hampton, a spokesperson for Independent Leesti for Equality, announced:  
  
"Independent Leesti for Equality is proud to sponsor this year's Leesti food festival, and will gladly reimburse pilots who supply us with the requested goods.  
  
The campaign begins on the 16th of November 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: The Rise to Power Concludes  
  
3302-07-14   
  
The third and final stage of the Rise to Power campaign is about to begin.  
  
For this heat, pilots have been asked to salvage precious gems and deliver them to Laura Elizabeth in the Meropis system. But the event organisers have chosen to complicate matters by refusing to reveal the precise whereabouts of the salvage site. Pilots participating in the event have been given just one clue to its location - the following signal:  
  
353133313639313835 3432313232313132 31393235313932303531333139 A6B1D4H1I4K1L1M2N1O2R1U1V1Y1Z1 3132313533313132 373131323134353230 32353133313531343139  
  
The group that manages to accumulate the most precious gems will be declared the winner of the final Rise to Power event. At the close of the event, the results of each heat will be reviewed. The faction that has garnered the most support over the course of the campaign will join the ranks of the galaxy's major power players.  
  
The event begins on the 14th of July 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Inside the Far God Cult  
  
3304-09-21   
  
Independent reporter Gethin Okonkwo, who was previously thought missing, has revealed that he has been living undercover within the Far God cult for the past three months.  
  
In an op-ed piece, Mr Okonkwo shared his experiences:  
  
"I was fascinated by Dr Ulyanov's research and I desperately wanted to understand this doomsayer cult further, so I decided to covertly study the Far God sect by posing as an adherent.  
  
"During this time, I visited hive-chapels in several different systems, narrowly escaping death when one was attacked by the Church of Eternal Void. On many occasions, I was physically and verbally abused by members of the public, including Juanita Bishop's campaign followers.  
  
"At no point did I see evidence of actual contact with the Thargoids, bar the occasional use of alien material as holy artefacts. Most worshippers are essentially fatalists, attracted to the idea of an apocalypse. Some are convinced that they alone will survive the Far God's manifestation. It is a strange and often contradictory faith, but no less so than other religions.  
  
"I recorded my experiences within the sect using concealed micro-cameras. I am voluntarily sharing this data with the Federal Intelligence Agency to prove that the Far God sect is not dangerous, and with the hope of ending its persecution.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# Galactic News: California Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-11-16   
  
Civility Marks, the Chief Security Officer for the Spinward Marches Alliance Concern, has announced that the organisation’s campaign to establish an agricultural facility in the Synuefai LX-R d5-28 system has reached a successful conclusion, thanks to support from the space-faring community. Construction of the facility is expected to begin within the next few weeks.  
  
The Spinward Marches Alliance Concern has extended its gratitude to those who supported the initiative, and invited them to try Morrina or Badfort Tea when returning to Hansford’s Landing.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Hansford’s Landing in the BD+22 4939 system.  
  
# Long Live the Emperor!  
  
3301-07-14   
  
Long Live the Emperor!   
  
  
  
Senator Anders Blaine, Chancellor to Emperor Hengist Duval made a surprise statement on the steps of the Imperial Palace today. With obvious joy on his face he declared that the Emperor has awoken from his coma.  
  
“It is with great pleasure I can announce that Emperor Hengist Duval awoke from his coma in the early hours of this morning. His physicians have completed extensive medical tests and declared him well on the way to becoming fit and healthy. They have advised a few days of rest and monitoring before he resumes his state functions.  
  
As can be expected from our Emperor, he has expressed his intention to lead the senate in a few days time.”  
  
The welcome news of the Emperor’s recovery has rapidly spread throughout the Empire and inspired impromptu celebrations in every level of Imperial society .  
  
Amidst the well wishes a small number of the more cynical pundits have muttered that they will believe the good news when they see the Emperor in person. Most commentators though are simply overjoyed to hear of the Emperor’s return and hope that this will herald a new and more united future for the Empire.  
  
As part of the celebrations for this news it was also announced that all independent pilots with an active rank with the Imperial Navy will be able to purchase the Imperial Courier and Imperial Clipper ships.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: EG Pilots win Second Rise to Power Event  
  
3302-07-14   
  
The second heat of the Rise to Power campaign is over. For this event, pilots were asked to head to the Nervi system and gather technical blueprints for their chosen faction. The one condition imposed on the pilots was that the technical blueprints must be stolen – a stipulation that gave rise to a number of clashes with Nervi security forces.  
  
The final tally indicates that the largest quantity of technical blueprints was received by the EG Pilots, making them the winner of this stage of the campaign. But whether or not the EG Pilots will win the Rise to Power competition remains to be seen, as it will not be clear which faction has received the most support until the end of the campaign.  
  
The Rise to Power competition will run for one more week, and the victor will go on to join the ranks of the galaxy's major power players.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-09-22   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Political journalist Vanya Driscoll has published an analysis of the Alliance presidential candidates. She has observed that while Elijah Beck seems content with the status quo, Fazia Silva has promised to boost the economy, and current president Gibson Kincaid has proposed that the role should include executive powers.  
  
In other news, business magnate Lloyd Hardacre has been arrested for corporate fraud after his personal administrative robot revealed incriminating evidence. The incident took place during the annual general meeting of Copernicus Shipping Ltd, a firm founded by Mr Hardacre. Lieutenant Inspector Ramesh Thorne of the Federal Security Service is investigating.  
  
Independent reporter Gethin Okonkwo has revealed that he has been living undercover in the Far God cult for three months. According to his account, the cult has no contact with the Thargoids, with most of its followers being harmless fatalists. Mr Okonkwo recorded his experience using concealed micro-cameras, and has shared his data with the Federal Intelligence Agency, hoping to prove that the sect is not dangerous.  
  
Meanwhile, two rival technology companies – Supratech and Herculean Machines – have appealed for commodities to support the release of forthcoming products. Supratech is developing a personal computing device called the Torc, while Herculean Machines is working on a machine called the Duradrive. Both companies are hoping that the support of the galactic community will allow them to share working prototypes at a technology expo on the 3rd of October.  
  
Finally, the Libertas Cooperative has announced that its appeal for commodities has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community. Land enrichment systems, animal monitors, aquaponic systems and marine equipment were delivered to Ocrinox's Orbiter over the past week, allowing construction of a megaship where manatees will be farmed.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Rise of the Nova Fleet on the Frontier  
  
3301-07-14   
  
Rise of the Nova Fleet on the Frontier  
  
  
  
After several decades as a Freelancer member of the Pilots Federation, Commander DarkStar decided to unite a fleet of former Imperial and Federal pilot. Working closely with Commander Equin0x, he united them into forming a freelancer fleet to patrol the frontier and assisting in their economic development. The long term aim is to help free them the superpowers.  
  
CMDR Equin0x commented to GalNet:  
  
"The superpowers exploit the populations of the frontier colonies to gain cheap labour and materials, in conditions that are near to, if not actual slavery.  
  
Up until now the Nova Fleet constituted a loosely bound alliance of like-minded individuals occupying distant and relatively uncontrolled areas of the frontier. The fleet has recently grown with a sudden influx of new membership, and now this growing collective has now attracted politicians' interest in both Imperial and Federation space.  
  
A spokesperson for the Nova Fleet talked to us about their objectives:  
  
"The Nova Fleet will bring prosperity and security to the frontier of the human civilization. We will avoid political entanglements with the superpowers and their lackeys. The truth of our intentions can be seen from the pilots who once served Federation, Empire and even the Alliance who’ve joined us! We should not be underestimated. We will bring security to the frontier, even if that means to fight against the Empire, the Feds or bloody aliens!  
  
Their influence and fame seems to spread fast, and with over 100 ships, their number of associates grows even faster.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Breakfast at Tranquillity  
  
3303-11-16   
  
The people of the Leesti system are not the only ones celebrating this week. The Guardians of Tranquillity have announced plans to host a food festival in the Tarach Tor system, prompting criticism from Independent Leesti for Equality, which is coordinating a similar event in Leesti. The Guardians of Tranquillity have strenuously denied that the event is an attempt to upstage Independent Leesti for Equality.  
  
Guardians of Tranquillity spokesperson General Hunter O'Brien released the following statement:  
  
"The 'Breakfast at Tranquillity' food festival will showcase the very best regional cuisine, together with libations from Tarach Tor's many fine vineyards and breweries. In addition to these delicacies, we are hoping to be able to offer foods from the Lave sector of space, and have placed an open order for various rare goods.  
  
In support of the event, the Guardians of Tranquillity have promised to reward pilots who deliver Azure Milk, Diso Ma Corn, Lavian Brandy, Uszaian Tree Grubs and Orrerian Vicious Brew to the Tranquillity starport in the Tarach Tor system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 16th of November 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Searching for Barnacles  
  
3302-07-14   
  
Since the non-human structures known as barnacles were first discovered, they have prompted fierce debate, attracted intense scrutiny and even triggered the despatch of a Federal Fleet to the Merope system.  
  
As the only known source of meta-alloys, the barnacles are of considerable value. It is therefore unsurprising that the Empire has issued an appeal for exploration data in the hope of finding more. A spokesperson for Bava Blue Travel Systems, which is coordinating the campaign, made the following statement:  
  
"The barnacles are of central importance, and it is vital that we determine whether or not there are any more out there. We are therefore launching an appeal for exploration data, to begin at once, as part of a search for further barnacles.  
  
The spokesperson was asked if the campaign had been prompted by the Federation's decision to station battle cruisers at barnacle sites in the Merope system, but she declined to comment.  
  
Bava Blue Travel Systems, on behalf of the Empire, has promised to reward pilots who deliver exploration data to Bauschinger City in the Bava system. The campaign begins on the 14th of July 3302 and will run for one week. If the Empire's targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Starport Status Update  
  
3304-09-25   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Bester Terminal, Jen Nik  
  
Black Station, Lausang  
  
Burton Vision, Dimocorna  
  
Cauchy Dock, Decht  
  
Klink Dock, Inino  
  
Mouchez Platform, Deacon's Star  
  
Pook Dock, HIP 35873  
  
Rennie Hub, Kupol Bumba  
  
Semeonis Hub, Nuwach  
  
Sinclair Colony, San Qin Gu  
  
Smith Landing, Amber  
  
Somerset Station, I Carinae  
  
Wingqvist Terminal, NLTT 57216  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Chomsky Terminal, San Tu  
  
Cowper Dock, Anima  
  
Margulies Dock, Cornengu  
  
Mars High, Sol  
  
PRE Research Base, HIP 17225  
  
Ramsay City, Anagori  
  
So-yeon Hub, Coma  
  
Strekalov Gateway, Ross 733  
  
Warren Prison Mine, Ross 128  
  
# Reports of the Cerberus Plague beyond BD-02 4304  
  
3301-07-14   
  
Reports of the Cerberus Plague beyond BD-02 4304  
  
  
  
The heroic efforts of the local authorities at Newton Dock in BD-02 4304, combined with independent pilots from far and wide, have slowed the outbreak affecting the local population.   
  
Carl Simmons, the Chief Medical Officer of Newton Dock, responded to reports of further infections in the nearby systems: Dajoar, Eleu and 20 Ophiuchi.  
  
“We can confirm that there have been isolated incidents which we believe are the same infectious agent that we have seen here on Newton Dock. The populations in those systems should not be alarmed and three operations have been initiated to isolate the sick and prevent further outbreak.”  
  
When asked how the disease had spread to those systems, he replied:  
  
“We can’t confirm the vector as yet. Our current belief is that these cases are simply people from here who managed to travel before restrictions were in place. However, as with any outbreak of this magnitude, we are not taking anything for granted.”  
  
He concluded his statement with:  
  
“Once again we are calling on the resources of the independent pilots in the region to help ensure that these cases do not develop into a full-blown outbreak as seen here on Newton Dock.”  
  
While he denied that the team were calling the new disease the Cerberus Plague, one technician did confirm that the name was being used unofficially and came from an unusual three-pronged structure at the ‘head’ of the phage-like organism.  
  
# Galactic News: Wolves of Jonai Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-11-16   
  
The Central Command of the Wolves of Jonai has announced that its campaign to build an asteroid base among the rings of HR 7047 2 C has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering construction materials to Grant Dock, and by eliminating agitators in the HR 7047 system.  
  
A spokesperson for the Wolves of Jonai released the following statement:  
  
“Thanks to the Commanders who contributed materials to the Wolves of Jonai, the construction of our new asteroid base is now assured. Central Command extends its thanks to the pilots involved.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Grant Dock in the HR 7047 system.  
  
# Presidential Candidates on the Campaign Trail  
  
3304-09-27   
  
The three candidates for the Alliance presidency have spent much of the past week delivering their campaign messages.  
  
Incumbent president Gibson Kincaid, who seeks re-election, has demanded radical change to the constitution:  
  
"To occupy the same league as the other superpowers, we need a single ruler with overall control. I ask that you empower me to lead the Alliance into a new era of strength and unity. That is my vision.  
  
An increase in commerce is the focus for entrepreneur Fazia Silva:  
  
"The current president is driven entirely by ego, as are all career politicians, but it's money that makes the galaxy go round. Only by investing in trade and industry can the Alliance truly grow.  
  
Councillor Elijah Beck has been critical of his rivals' approach:  
  
"President Kincaid has little respect for our values, and Ms Silva wants to make it easier for her companies to increase profits. The Alliance deserves a president who puts the wellbeing of its people first, rather than their own selfish goals.  
  
The new president of the Alliance will be announced in October.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-07-14   
  
The Future of Segovan has announced that its appeal for construction materials has reached a successful conclusion, despite repeated attempts from Imperial pilots to disrupt the campaign. Large quantities of gallium and insulating membrane, and hundreds of tonnes of power generators, were delivered to Ramsbottom Hub, the organisation's base of operations, allowing work to begin on the first of a series of new Federal outposts.  
  
A spokesperson for the Future of Segovan said:  
  
"The Federation's opponents went to great lengths to try to stop this operation, but ultimately they failed. The construction of this outpost will proceed as planned.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Origins of the Velites Squadron  
  
3301-07-15   
  
Origins of the Velites Squadron  
  
  
  
The ancient proverb, “necessity is the mother of all invention,” remains true, even in 3301.  
  
Commander Na’Qan came from humble beginnings as a miner in distant Imperial colonies. Piracy being rife in those systems, he found himself in their sights regularly. Knowing he could not outrun them in his unshielded Type-6, he learned to elude them. Like Br’er Rabbit’s briar patch, the asteroid fields offered him shelter. He learned to manoeuvre silently among the chaotic rocks and metals.  
  
When war broke out in the Pancienses system, Na’Qan joined the fray. He recounted being interdicted by three Fer-de-Lances, and noticed they could not get weapons lock on his craft. Immediately recognizing the relevance of his mining experience, Na’Qan approached his superiors with an idea. Shortly thereafter, Na’Qan began training wings for what would become the Velites Squadron. The stealthy, precision strikes of the Velites are already becoming legend.  
  
For his service to the Empire, Commander Na’Qan is to be awarded the Imperial Order of Merit, First Class, from Senator Arrissa Lavigny-Duval at her headquarters in Kamadhenu this weekend.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Galactic Authorities Call for Calm  
  
3303-11-17   
  
As reports of Thargoid attacks continue to pour in, the galaxy’s leaders have issued statements urging the public to remain calm.  
  
In a missive released to a number of news feeds, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
“It is true that the Thargoids represent a pertinent threat, but it is important that we understand the scale of this threat. At present, they are active only in the Pleiades Nebula, and there is no reason to believe they will spread beyond this area. Indeed, it is entirely possible that they lack the numbers to do so.”  
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson adopted a similar stance, while making an allusion to Federal-Imperial solidarity:  
  
“They haven’t set foot outside the Pleiades, and if they do, we have the means to deal with them. With the Federation and the Empire working together, there is no enemy we cannot overcome. The galactic community has nothing to fear.”  
  
But the buoyancy of these statements was undercut by Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, who offered the following assessment to The Federal Times:  
  
“We have no intelligence regarding the Thargoids’ long-term plans, and it would be premature – if not irresponsible – to assert that they will remain in the Pleiades. I can assure you however that this is a matter Aegis is actively investigating.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Commodities Appeal Concludes  
  
3304-09-27   
  
The competing campaigns from technology companies Supratech and Herculean Machines have come to an end. Huge quantities of technological components were contributed to the initiatives, which will be used to support the manufacture of new personal computers.  
  
As the Supratech campaign drew to an end, company CEO Scorpio DeVorrow issued the following statement:  
  
"I can't thank the galactic community enough for its support. We believe the Torc is something really special, and due to the support we've had we can begin manufacture at once.  
  
His business rival Maddox Hurd, CEO of Herculean Machines, had this to say:  
  
"We've received an awe-inspiring response, proving that pilots everywhere want technology that can stand the test of time.  
  
Pilots who contributed commodities to Supratech can collect their rewards from Roberts Port in the Fedmich system, while pilots who contributed commodities to Herculean Machines can collect their rewards from Cowper Dock in the Anima system.  
  
# Freelance Report: The Demands of Supply  
  
3302-07-15   
  
Commanders are advised to search within nebulae for rocky or high-metal content worlds with a composition of between 66.5% and 99.1% rock and 8.9% and 33.5% metal, with 0% ice. Temperatures between 194K and 451K should be sought. To narrow the field, Commanders should also seek bodies with gravity between 0.06g and 0.3g.  
  
This text is taken from 'Barnacle Search Criteria', a recent publication from the Canonn Interstellar Research Group.  
  
Commentators are divided on what impact, if any, this information will have on the increasingly volatile situation in and around the Merope system. But many agree that if the barnacles are being viewed as a finite resource, the Canonn's data may serve to defuse tensions, at least temporarily.  
  
The publication of the criteria is believed to have followed a private conference between Dr Arcanonn and Professor Cora Shaw, director of the Palin Institute. Dr Arcanonn commented:  
  
"We must not let the drums of war drown out the fact that the stated positions of the Federation and the Empire are, upon review, far from irreconcilable.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Galactic Authorities Call for Calm  
  
3303-11-18   
  
As reports continue to pour in of Thargoid attacks, the galaxy’s leaders have issued statements urging the public to remain calm.  
  
In a missive released to a number of news feeds, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
“It is true that the Thargoids represent a pertinent threat, but it is important that we understand the scale of this threat. At present, they are active only in the Pleiades Nebula, and there is no reason to believe they will spread beyond this area. Indeed, it is entirely possible that they lack the numbers to do so.”  
  
Federation President Zachary Hudson adopted a similar stance, while making an allusion to Federal-Imperial solidarity:  
  
“They haven’t set foot outside the Pleiades, and if they do, we have the means to deal with them. With the Federation and the Empire working together, there is no enemy we cannot overcome. The galactic community has nothing to fear.”  
  
But the buoyancy of these statements was undercut by Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis’s chief military liaison, who offered the following assessment to The Federal Times:  
  
“We have no intelligence regarding the Thargoids’ long-term plans, and it would be premature – if not irresponsible – to assert that they will remain in the Pleiades. I can assure you, however, that this is a matter Aegis is actively investigating.”  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-07-15   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT ) the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period to assemble the latest data.  
  
Any pilots who operate for any of the powers should ensure that they deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time for their activities to be registered.  
  
# Freelance Report: The Silent Arbiter  
  
3302-07-15   
  
As Utopia completes its mission in the Maia system, senior Utopian figures have voiced alarm at the deteriorating situation between the Federation and the Empire over the barnacles. One member of the commune said:  
  
"We are surrounded by a galactic mystery. Recent events indicate that humanity may not be alone in the universe.  
  
"Some believe we are being stalked by monsters. Others think we will soon encounter a higher intelligence. We must be optimistic, and meet the future – whatever it may hold – with a collective voice.  
  
"I believe humanity is being watched, its actions noted. Soon, we will be judged. Our survival depends on the decisions we make right now. We must not, and cannot, fight among ourselves.  
  
Commander Gan  
  
Utopian News Network | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Oktoberfest in Bhagui  
  
3304-09-27   
  
Citizens of the Bhagui system are attempting to resurrect the ancient Oktoberfest celebration, an annual event based on a centuries-old Earth tradition.  
  
The scale of the event is unprecedented, and local suppliers are reeling due to the weight of demand. Consequently, Mould Federal Mining Incorporated has volunteered to finance an emergency initiative that will supply the required resources.  
  
A spokesperson for the company issued the following statement:  
  
"This will be a party like no other, where people can come together to celebrate life, love and beer. We are honoured to play our part in supporting a festival such as this. Nothing is more important to us than helping our communities.  
  
Mould Federal Mining Incorporated has placed an open order for animal meat, fish and beer, promising to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Leavitt Port in the Bhagui system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing to the initiative can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 27th of September 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-07-15   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report indicates some of the minor factions enduring significant health issues such as famine and outbreaks (*).  
  
Outbreaks have been reported by the following minor factions :  
  
Dajoar  
  
Eleu  
  
20 Ophiuchi  
  
Like famines, outbreaks cause a major disruption to the inhabitants’ standard of living. Resupply of medicines and related trade contracts are needed to end the outbreak. Due to the state of emergency combat missions and activities provide no effect on influence.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-11-21   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Reiter City, Oppi  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Maupertuis Dock, Zhao  
  
Jeury Port, Regi  
  
Rotsler Enterprise, Bogatiku  
  
Hernandez Dock, Khwatka  
  
White Enterprise, Piran  
  
Waldeck Dock, Sanda  
  
Finney Ring, Jitabos  
  
Langford Survey, Xihe  
  
Aachen Town, Alioth  
  
Jones City, Akba Atacab  
  
Virtanen Gateway, Palaemon  
  
Lemmy's Rock, HIP 96456  
  
Hauck Dock, Theta Sculptoris  
  
# Galactic News: Jasmina Halsey Discharged  
  
3302-07-15   
  
It has been two months since former Federal president Jasmina Halsey was admitted to the Clearwater Clinic psychiatric facility on Mars. Halsey's admission followed a period of bizarre behaviour, during which she claimed to have encountered super-intelligent beings in the depths of space.  
  
Since then, a proportion of the Federal population has been calling for the former president's release, claiming that she was hospitalised not for the good of her health but in order to silence her. This suggestion was dismissed as "patently ridiculous" by Halsey's personal staff, but this did little to deter those campaigning for Halsey's freedom.  
  
Now it seems the campaigners have got their wish. Today, Jasmina Halsey left the Clearwater Clinic of her own volition, having been deemed ready to return to society by her doctors.  
  
President Halsey was met at the entrance of the clinic by a crowd of supporters, to whom she gave a brief statement:  
  
"I would like to thank the staff of this fine institution for helping me during this troubled time. It's fair to say I haven't quite been myself recently, and I apologise wholeheartedly for any distress I might have caused.  
  
# Robot Surveillance Program Discovered  
  
3304-09-28   
  
The personal administration robot of business magnate Lloyd Hardacre, which recently revealed evidence of his criminal activity, has been found to contain a concealed surveillance program.  
  
Lieutenant Inspector Ramesh Thorne of the Federal Security Service made a statement to the media:  
  
"FSS technicians discovered a highly sophisticated surveillance program within the robot's coreware that was covertly copying certain types of data – namely anything illegal. A minor malfunction caused the robot to incorporate the data into a company presentation.  
  
"Our working theory is that Mr Hardacre was the target of an undercover spy operation, but not one coordinated by any legal authority. Clearly, someone harboured suspicions about Hardacre and was looking for proof. We are conducting interviews with his business associates and competitors.  
  
When asked about the robot, Lieutenant Inspector Thorne added:  
  
"The robot is manufactured by the Achilles Corporation, and is a relatively primitive machine, designed to coordinate information and perform administrative tasks. Such robots are incapable of independent behaviour, so this one must have been subjected to comprehensive reprogramming.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-07-16   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions around the galaxy pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,869 minor factions are holding elections:  
  
Kuruages Corp.  
  
Kuruages Silver Galactic Comms  
  
Bureau of Ch'in Shou Liberty Party  
  
League of Ch'in Shou Party  
  
HIP 14944 Legal Solutions  
  
HIP 14944 Energy Co  
  
Law Party of 53 Virginis  
  
United 53 Virginis League  
  
Parun Solutions  
  
Parun Jet Transport Industries  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions are of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Community Goal: Fifth Aegis Initiative  
  
3303-11-23   
  
Aegis has announced a second military strike on a Thargoid-occupied system, following the success of Operation Andronicus. The operation will focus on Electra, where high concentrations of Thargoid vessels have been reported.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis's chief military liaison, elaborated on the nature of the operation:  
  
"We have two primary objectives: To reduce the number of Thargoid vessels operating in Electra, and to gather Thargoid material with which to test and calibrate our anti-Thargoid technologies.  
  
Aegis Research has promised to reward pilots who hand in Pilots Federation Combat Bonds at Cavaleiri in the Electra system.  
  
The campaigns begin on the 23rd of November and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: The Origin of the Alliance  
  
3302-07-15   
  
In a return to our popular series on significant episodes from human history, noted historian Sima Kalhana discusses the foundation of the Alliance.  
  
"The Alliance may champion the ideals of harmony and independence, but it is very much the product of violence.  
  
"Alioth, the Alliance powerbase, was once a highly contested system. In the decades that followed its colonisation, it was the site of almost constant conflict between the Federation and the Empire. Naturally this made life difficult for the system's inhabitants, whose lives were impacted by generation after generation of war.  
  
"The turning point came in 3228, when the Federal corporations supplying one of Alioth's main population centres attempted to raise prices. This triggered a revolt. Federal and Imperial forces were despatched to quell the uprising, but the resistance, bolstered by fighters from neighbouring independent systems, successfully repelled them. Ultimately the Empire chose to withdraw from the system, reluctant to commit to a potentially protracted campaign far from its centre of power. When the Federation realised how unpopular the war had become among Federal citizens, it followed suit.  
  
"In the wake of the conflict, the idea of an independent socio-political body rapidly gained popularity among the people of Alioth, and in 3230 the Alliance of Independent Systems was established. Its founding principles were simple: to protect and support those who wanted to remain independent of the Federation and the Empire, and to empower its member systems while simultaneously preserving their independence. Over the next two decades, more than twenty systems joined the Alliance.  
  
"Today, the Alliance is widely seen as a paragon of democracy in an increasingly autocratic galaxy. It is governed by a body known as the Alliance Assembly, the primary function of which is to establish common policies and treaties among the Alliance's member systems, and act as an arbitration body when necessary. The notional head of the Assembly is the prime minister, but in reality it is the Council of Admirals that wields the greatest degree of power.  
  
"The Council of Admirals is a six-person body comprising the leaders of the six largest military forces in the Alliance. In addition to selecting the prime minister, the Council also commands the Alliance Defence Force, a vast flotilla of ships contributed by each of the Alliance's member systems. The Council of Admirals is free to deploy the Defence Force without the approval of the Assembly, making it extremely powerful.  
  
"There can be no argument that the Alliance lacks the power-projection abilities of the Empire and the Federation. But it is more than capable of competing with them in economic and political terms, and of defending its member systems when necessary.  
  
"What the future holds remains to be seen, but under the strong leadership of Prime Minister Edmund Mahon, it seems likely the Alliance will only continue to grow.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Computer Companies Resume Development  
  
3304-09-28   
  
Rival companies Herculean Machines and Supratech have resumed development of their new personal computers.  
  
Harlow Nassry, technology journalist at The Federal Times, has been following events:  
  
"After the mysterious fire that destroyed Supratech's factory and the equally mysterious scandal that scared off Herculean Machines's investors, it seemed like neither company would complete its new designs.  
  
"But successful requests for public support have turned that around. Maddox Hurd and Scorpio DeVorrow, the heads of Herculean and Supratech respectively, both received enough materials to produce functional prototypes for the Rackham Ultratech Expo on Wednesday the 3rd of October.  
  
"This expo is crucial for both companies. Rackham Capital Investments and other corporate sponsors will be paying close attention, and Zachary Rackham himself will be present, eager to get his hands on the latest gadgets.  
  
"Both the customisable Duradrive and the wearable Torc have captured the public imagination, but the prototypes' performance is key. The amount of commodities each company received might be the deciding factor in their commercial success.  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# Grand Slave Sale in Carns Ends  
  
3301-07-16   
  
Grand Slave Sale in Carns Ends   
  
  
  
The grand slave sale held on Humason Orbital in the Carns system has ended. Deputy Communications Officer Ramon Lamor declared the sale a success, but refused to comment further, or provide actual numbers. He did confirm that a report analysing the sale and the recent activity for the planned market changes at the station would be presented next week.  
  
There have been reports of unrest on the station since the announcement that as of next week, the local economy would be transformed to deal with High Tech goods and services. There was no official comment on these reports at this time.  
  
# Galactic News: Culinary Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-11-23   
  
Independent Leesti for Equality has announced that its appeal for rare food and drink has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to George Lucas Station, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
Elias Hampton, a spokesperson for Independent Leesti for Equality, said:  
  
“Thanks to those who responded to our appeal, Lunch in Leesti looks set to be a resounding success. We would like to thank the many intrepid pilots who supplied us with rare foods from distant systems.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from George Lucas Station in the Leesti system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Jacques Barnacle Search  
  
3302-07-16   
  
The discovery of Jacques Station has prompted many Commanders to load up on meta-alloys and start the long trek to Eol Prou RS-T d3-94.  
  
One group that has already made it has begun searching the area for barnacles. If the structures are found, they could provide Jacques with meta-alloys needed to fix the station.  
  
Some Commanders remain sceptical, arguing that the barnacles are engineered and won't be found in the system, but that hasn't stopped the search from going ahead. For many it is not a question of 'if' barnacles will found it – it is a question of 'when'. One of the searchers said:  
  
"It makes sense there would be barnacles out here – the system has many of the conditions required. But searching for them is a big job. Any assistance from pilots in the area is welcome.  
  
Commander BluWolve  
  
# Far God Cult Investigation Ends  
  
3304-09-29   
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has terminated its investigation into the Far God cult.  
  
Senior Agent Micah Whitefield informed the media:  
  
"The information provided by Gethin Okonkwo on the inner workings of the Far God sect has been verified as genuine. In the absence of any evidence regarding communication with the Thargoids, our investigation is concluded. All worshippers who were detained have now been released.  
  
"We are indebted to Mr Okonkwo for his highly detailed report. We had hoped to gain similar insights via our own undercover agent, who infiltrated the sect, but we are still awaiting his report.  
  
The exotheologian Dr Alfred Ulyanov, who was arrested due to his research into the religion, commented:  
  
"I offer the highest praise to Gethin Okonkwo, whose dedication has confirmed the innocuous nature of the Far God faith. Sadly, this experience illustrates that intolerance and fear of the 'other' remain deeply embedded in human nature, no matter how advanced our species becomes.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# Security Support Needed For Cerberus Plague Intervention  
  
3301-07-16   
  
Security Support Needed For Cerberus Plague Intervention  
  
  
  
With increasing reports concerning the so-called ‘Cerberus Plague’, officials from Dajoar, Eleu and 20 Ophiuchi have all declared states of emergency. They are calling on bounty hunters and combat-capable pilots in the region help protect the relief efforts.   
  
The issue arises at the same time that some medics in the systems have stated that the vaccines are not proving as effective against these cases, leading to speculation that the organism has mutated. Carl Simmons, the Chief Medical Officer of Newton Dock and leading the medical team combating this infection, commented:  
  
“While there are some indications that the organism has changed, we are still analysing the data and it is too early to draw any conclusions.”   
  
Further muddying the waters, a representative for one of the pirate gangs claimed that they were helping the right people. In an anonymous statement, they declared:  
  
“As usual it is the rich and well-connected that benefit from official channels. We are simply making sure that these supplies reach the people who need them the most.”  
  
# Galactic News: Guardians of Tranquility Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-11-23   
  
A spokesperson for the Guardians of Tranquility has announced that its appeal for rare food and drink has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Tranquility, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
In a brief statement, Guardians of Tranquility spokesperson General Hunter O’Brien said:  
  
“The Guardians of Tranquility are delighted with the success of this campaign, and would like to thank the pilots who supported it.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Tranquility in the Tarach Tor system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Meta-Alloy Rush  
  
3302-07-18   
  
As the Federation and Empire attempt to lay claim to the organic structures known as barnacles, the demand for meta-alloys has skyrocketed. Many starports have begun placing orders for the material as a hedge against potential malfunctions.  
  
Vernon Trask, lead engineer at Bauschinger City, said: "Some stations have been defunct for nearly a year because of those corrosive Artefacts. We can't afford to be out of commission that long.  
  
"Quite a few stations in the Empire have open orders for meta-alloys, including Bauschinger. We're hoping to get ahead of this techno-plague before it bites us.  
  
This 'meta-alloy rush' has alarmed conservationists and researchers concerned about the future of the barnacles.  
  
"We know so little about the barnacles," said Dr Elana Lorax, a noted xenobiologist. "We don't know how they grow, how long they live or how they create meta-alloys. If the exploitation continues at this rate, we may never know.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-09-29   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
The three candidates for the Alliance presidency have spent much of the past week delivering their campaign messages. While incumbent president Gibson Kincaid has demanded radical change to the constitution, rival candidates Fazia Silva and Elijah Beck have adopted more conservative stances, focusing on economic growth and civil liberty respectively. The new president of the Alliance will be announced in October.  
  
The Federal Intelligence Agency has terminated its investigation into the Far God cult. In a statement, the FIA confirmed that information provided by undercover reporter Gethin Okonkwo had cleared the sect of any suspicion. All worshippers who were detained have now been released.  
  
In other news, rival companies Herculean Machines and Supratech have resumed development of their new personal computers, following successful requests for public support. Both companies have now returned their attention to the Rackham Ultratech Expo, where they will unveil prototypes of their new designs. It is suspected that the amount of commodities each company received might be the deciding factor in their commercial success.  
  
Meanwhile, the personal administration robot of business magnate Lloyd Hardacre, which recently revealed evidence of his criminal activity, has been found to contain a concealed surveillance program. The revelation came from the Federal Security Service, which found a surveillance program within the robot's coreware that was covertly copying certain types of data. The FSS now believes that Mr Hardacre was the target of an undercover spy operation.  
  
Finally, citizens of the Bhagui system are attempting to resurrect the ancient Oktoberfest celebration, an annual event based on a centuries-old Earth tradition. Mould Federal Mining Incorporated has agreed to finance the event, and has placing an open order for various commodities. A spokesperson for the organisation promised the festival would be "a party like no other.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Adle's Armada Looks to End Illegal Arms Deal in Hel  
  
3301-07-16   
  
Adle's Armada Looks to End Illegal Arms Deal in Hel  
  
  
  
Adle's Armada, a Federally aligned militia group, has responded to reports of an illegal arms deal between the criminal organization Cosmic State, headed by Hammer Arms CEO Grimnir Allvadderung and the Empire aligned Emperor's Grace leader Vaarwen Mako Brennus.   
  
"This cannot stand! Our people of the Labour Party of Caill Reddi cannot bear this tyrant any longer. He takes the food out people's mouths in order to make back room deals with the unscrupulous individuals!" says Tyllerius Adle III, Grandson of the groups original founder and current Armada CO.   
  
Adle's Armada forces have been laying siege to the League of Hel and have put them into a lockdown state. Citizens formally supporting the arms dealer now question his rule over Jone's Orbital. With the blockade of supplies to League of Hel combat forces, it will only be a short matter of time before the entire system is forced into a civil war between hungry citizens and impoverished arms dealers. Time will tell if Hel will become a sovereign Federally aligned system under the Labour Party of Caill Reddi or if the League of Hel will continue its weapons trade with shady individuals.  
  
"For the safety of the people, this will NOT stand!  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Fifth Aegis Initiative  
  
3303-11-24   
  
Aegis has announced a second military strike on a Thargoid-occupied system, following the success of Operation Andronicus. The operation will focus on Electra, where high concentrations of Thargoid vessels have been reported.  
  
Admiral Aden Tanner, Aegis's chief military liaison, elaborated on the nature of the operation:  
  
"We have two primary objectives: To reduce the number of Thargoid vessels operating in Electra, and to gather Thargoid material with which to test and calibrate our anti-Thargoid technologies.  
  
Aegis Research has promised to reward pilots who hand in Pilots Federation Combat Bonds at Cavaleiri in the Electra system.  
  
The campaigns begin on the 23rd of November and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Moon-Landing Anniversary Race  
  
3302-07-18   
  
The historical re-enactment society Ex Luna Scientia has partnered with the Buckyball Racing Club to organise a commemorative race celebrating the 1,333rd anniversary of the first landing on Earth's Moon.  
  
The Fly Me to the Moon race will run from the 19th to the 21st of July and will start at Lem Dock in the Chaac system. The finish line is at Moon Prospect in the Turot system, where participants will compete in surface racing in their rovers.  
  
The race is open to everyone, from regular Buckyballers to first-time racers. The race committee has suggested that, due to the risks involved, all participants take out full insurance coverage.  
  
Commander Aken B  
  
# Bishop's Congressional Bid Collapses  
  
3304-10-04   
  
Juanita Bishop, whose protest movement against the Far God cult gained broad support, has failed to be elected to Federal Congress.  
  
Independent political analyst Vaughan Niven published this summary:  
  
"Many of Juanita Bishop's followers have abandoned her in the wake of Gethin Okonkwo's investigation, which found no connection between the Far God sect and the Thargoids. As a result, Mrs Bishop's congressional campaign has collapsed.  
  
"There has also been a sea change in attitude within Congress itself. The majority of members have now taken a stand against Mrs Bishop for cultivating civil unrest and violating the Federation's principles of religious freedom.  
  
Juanita Bishop gave a forceful statement to the media:  
  
"If Congress can't see that these people are dangerous, then they're fools. These Thargoid spies need to be rounded up and executed before they murder us all. History will prove me right!  
  
## Federation  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-07-17   
  
A Week in Powerplay  
  
  
  
It's time for another weekly report on the struggles of the foremost political powers in the galaxy. With ongoing hostilities throughout inhabited space, who has benefitted from the chaos, and who has lost favour?  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval has consolidated her existing power base this week and prepared for future expansion. Faced with no new systems to claim for Lavigny-Duval, her supporters directed her efforts to massively fortifying her systems and partaking in the Imperial offensive against Archon Delaine, set to continue for the foreseeable future.  
  
Aisling Duval still expands her power-base at a rapid and consistent pace, claiming several new systems and the support of another Commander group, The 13th Legion. As quick as Aisling's rise to power has been, her efforts to expand towards Federation space have been blunted once more, when Winters' pilots halted her attempt to claim Ax Yac Baru.  
  
Zachary Hudson managed to expand his influence into two new systems this week, despite seeing continued, massive challenges to his power through his controlled space. With a focus on fortifying his existing systems and relatively little attention given to expansion, Hudson might have issues claiming new systems in the coming weeks.  
  
Felicia Winters continues to have supporters secure her space, with focused fortification stopping all attempts to seriously undermine her control of her systems. Her expansion continues to see mixed success, with several systems claimed but others successful opposed - most notably the attempt to claim Lugh.  
  
Zemina Torval has seen a substantial drop in support this week, likely due to significant commercial concerns withdrawing financial support for the Senator's operations. Fortunately for Torval, this calamity coincided with a significant drop in enemy activity against her systems, allowing her to successfully fortify and expand despite her reduced following.  
  
Denton Patreus is the big beneficiary of the combined Imperial offensive into the Pegasi sector. While he only enjoys modest levels of Commander support, he is able to continue to shore up and expand his sphere and influence, now that the Kumo Crew no longer puts pressure on his space.  
  
Edmund Mahon rapidly expands his powerbase, claiming an amazing ten more systems this week. This quick growth brings Mahon's sphere of influence closer to that of several other groups, potentially exposing him to increased enemy activity in the future weeks, and spreading out his forces.  
  
Li Yong-Rui of Sirius Gov continues to see his corporate government expand its influence at a very quick rate, pushing further towards both Federation space, and the territory of Archon Delaine, Pranav Antal and Edmund Mahon. While generally Sirius Gov sees little opposition to their expansion attempts, their attempt to claim Chounjemait this week has been stopped, presumably by Mahon's pilots.  
  
Archon Delaine has seen his Kumo Crew weather the Imperial offensive with surprising fortitude. Despite massive enemy incursions, the pirate lord has claimed three more systems this week, albeit none of them Imperial. Due to Imperial attacks being focused on their border systems, the Kumo Crew was able to focus their fortification in a few areas and weather the storm, at least for now.  
  
Pranav Antal continues to see the benefits of diplomacy and the Utopia's safe strategic position, seeing little in way of hostile activity. While only a small number of Commanders support the Utopian project, they were able to claim another system for the Simguru and to fortify their key systems against enemy incursions.  
  
CMDR Cadoc  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Culinary Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-11-24   
  
Independent Leesti for Equality has announced that its appeal for rare food and drink has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to George Lucas Station, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
Elias Hampton, a spokesperson for Independent Leesti for Equality, said:  
  
“Thanks to those who responded to our appeal, Lunch in Leesti looks set to be a resounding success. We would like to thank the many intrepid pilots who supplied us with rare foods from distant systems.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from George Lucas Station in the Leesti system.  
  
# Galactic News: Unknown Probe Breakthrough  
  
3302-07-19   
  
The Canonn Interstellar Research Group has announced that one of its scientists has made a discovery regarding the so-called Unknown Probes.  
  
According to a statement, a pilot by the name of Commander Rizal72 has confirmed that when the mysterious objects are examined with an advanced discovery scanner, they emit an electro-magnetic pulse that temporarily incapacitates the scanning ship. The pulse is followed by a brief burst of sound, similar in nature to the 'chittering' produced by the Unknown Artefacts.  
  
Following this announcement, Commander Rizal72's colleagues at the Canonn Interstellar Research Group began subjecting recordings of the sound to various tests. They soon discovered that the sound contained an encrypted image, which some have interpreted as a depiction of interstellar bodies.  
  
The meaning of the image, and the origin and purpose of the Probes, remains unclear. Clearly, there remains much to discover.  
  
# Oktoberfest Supply Campaign Successful  
  
3304-10-04   
  
Mould Federal Mining Incorporated has confirmed that its appeal for commodities to supply an Oktoberfest celebration in the Bhagui system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community.  
  
Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Leavitt Port, and by protecting traders in the Bhagui system.  
  
A spokesperson for Mould Federal Mining Incorporated issued the following statement:  
  
"Thanks to so many generous pilots, Bhagui Oktoberfest will now go ahead. Revellers will be able to put aside their differences, forget their troubles and celebrate life.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Leavitt Port in the Bhagui system.  
  
# Galactic News: Guardians of Tranquility Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-11-24   
  
A spokesperson for the Guardians of Tranquility has announced that its appeal for rare food and drink has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Tranquility, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
In a brief statement, Guardians of Tranquility spokesperson General Hunter O’Brien said:  
  
“The Guardians of Tranquility are delighted with the success of this campaign, and would like to thank the pilots who supported it.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Tranquility in the Tarach Tor system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-07-18   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week GalNat presents a short list of 10 of the 1745 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
i Bootis Democrats  
  
Workers of Gateway for Equality  
  
Gladutjin for Equality  
  
HIP 22006 Guardians of Tradition  
  
Chapter of Isinor  
  
Taso Wuhte Partners  
  
Andhrimi Crimson Travel PLC  
  
Confederacy of Akandi  
  
Tyerisu Corporation  
  
Cartel of Wolf 286  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Freelance Report: Barnacles under Assault  
  
3302-07-20   
  
The recent meta-alloy rush has left many of the barnacles in the Pleiades Nebula barren.  
  
As many scramble to meet the high demand for the material, it seems the Federation lacks the resources to provide adequate defence.  
  
Federal vessels have reportedly transported huge quantities of meta-alloys from the Merope system, suggesting that it may be partly responsible for the drought.  
  
One independent researcher said:  
  
"As far as we know, a barnacle will 'regenerate' after one week, although we don't know if this is always the case.  
  
"Research indicates that harvesting only 'ripe' spikes will keep the barnacle healthy. A simple scan and visual check will confirm spike maturity.  
  
"Further testing will be needed to determine the specifics, but with the crisis facing civilised space, conducting controlled experiments on barnacles has become next to impossible.  
  
"The way things are going, we risk losing these magnificent entities for good.  
  
Commander BluWolve  
  
## Federation  
  
# Broadcast Cobra Initiative  
  
3304-10-04   
  
Media organisation Broadcast Cobra has announced its intention to build a megaship in the HIP 16038 system. The organisation, which specialises in politics and current events, aims to reach a much wider audience with the construction of this mobile studio.  
  
Alessandra Koa of Broadcast Cobra issued the following statement:  
  
"As a broadcaster, we like the idea of a ship that can carry our signal to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. A megaship will allow us to transmit to systems that other broadcasters can only dream of reaching.  
  
To facilitate construction of the megaship, Broadcast Cobra has placed an open order for thorium, indium and superconductors, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Sopwith Dock in the HIP 16038 system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing material can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 4th of October 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# The Emperor Speaks out for Unity  
  
3301-07-18   
  
The Emperor Speaks out for Unity  
  
  
  
Although the Emperor showed some signs of frailty when he appeared before the Senate earlier today, his voice was firm as he called upon the assembled senators to work together and not against each other for the good of the Empire.  
  
“We live in times that hold great promise for our beloved Empire. The uncertainty of the past months has weakened our resolve and this cannot be allowed to continue. For too long some leaders of our society have vied against each other and squandered resources over a matter which will be guided by tradition.  
  
“As Emperor it is my duty to ensure the success of the Empire and its continuation long into the future. To that end the previously announced marriage with my good friend Florence Lavigny will proceed at the earliest opportunity. As the wedding has already been announced we will not have to wait the customary thirty days to conduct the ceremony, but we will still give time for wellwishers to attend. Preparations are in the process of being finalised and will be announced by the middle of next week.”  
  
His speech continued for thirty minutes and covered a range of topics including praising his long term friend Chancellor Anders Blaine for his stalwart support. The Emperor left the senate to a standing ovation and cheers from the normally businesslike senators.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-11-29   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Maupertuis Dock, Zhao  
  
Jeury Port, Regi  
  
Rotsler Enterprise, Bogatiku  
  
Hernandez Dock, Khwatka  
  
White Enterprise, Piran  
  
Langford Survey, Xihe  
  
Aachen Town, Alioth  
  
Jones City, Akba Atacab  
  
Virtanen Gateway, Palaemon  
  
Lemmy's Rock, HIP 96456  
  
Hauck Dock , Theta Sculptoris  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Filippenko Dock, Ngulungbara  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-07-20   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Herculean Machines Dominates Expo  
  
3304-10-05   
  
Technology journalist Harlow Nassry has published a full account of the Rackham Ultratech Expo, which took place on Wednesday 3rd October.  
  
"All eyes were on Herculean Machines and Supratech, whose competing designs for personal computers have created a real buzz. Following lavish presentations from rival CEOs Maddox Hurd and Scorpio DeVorrow, prototypes of the Duradrive and Torc were given to attendees.  
  
"Unfortunately for Supratech, the Torc's holographic systems did not work as planned. Most users were surrounded by an incomprehensible aura of colours and images that, in some cases, brought on nausea. The Duradrive, by contrast, functioned perfectly.  
  
"The highlight of the expo came when Zachary Rackham tested a Duradrive by jumping on it, before using it to contact his chief accountant and authorise preliminary funding for the device. He told the crowd, 'I could have done with one of these back in my spacefaring days!'  
  
"It's clear that the support given to Herculean Machines by the galactic community has allowed them to deliver a superior product – one we can expect to see on the market soon.  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# A Clash of Titans  
  
3301-07-19   
  
A Clash of Titans  
  
  
  
In this third article in GalNet’s series about the defining moments in human history, famed historian Sima Kalhana discusses the first war between the Federation and what would become the Empire.  
  
-  
  
Although there had been other small-scale incidents beyond the Solar System, the war between the Federation and Achenar (as it was then) was notable as the first large-scale interstellar conflict. Much has been made over the years of the Federation’s reasons for invading Achenar, in particular the claim that the annihilation of the native sentient species was little more than a slim pretext. While it was certainly true that the principal reason for the military action was Achenar’s refusal to join the Federation, it is also worth noting that the protection of xeno-culture and life forms was a key tenet of the Federation’s founding.  
  
Under the command of Admiral Richard Morgan, a fleet was assembled at Beta Hydri and began its transit to Achenar towards the end of 2323. That region of space was relatively unexplored and thinly populated at the time, meaning that the fleet lacked the logistical support needed for a mission of this scale.  
  
Despite a long and fragile supply line, Morgan chose to engage the defenders in a single large battle. Achenar was alerted to the plan and laid an ambush for the invaders, applying the infamous pack-hunting formation against the Federal fleet initially, then against its supply lines.  
  
Throughout 2324 the Federal fleet continued to try and establish a foothold in the system, but with little success. The constant attrition took its toll on the invaders and in 2325 Achenar counterattacked in what is now remembered as the ‘Great Battle of Liberation’. Every local ship, civilian and military, was pressed into service in a coordinated attack against every element of the invasion fleet.  
  
The battle succeeded in pushing the Federal fleet out of Achenar and they retreated to their base in Beta Hydri. Bolstered by improved supply, the Federal fleet held its ground. Skirmishing between the two navies continued for another fifty years. During this time, and seeing the need for a buffer zone around their home system, Henson Duval expanded into the nearby systems. This heralded the change from a single-system colony to a pan-system empire, and so the Empire as we know it today was born.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Fifth Aegis Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-11-30   
  
An Aegis spokesperson has confirmed that its campaign in the Electra system has come to an end. The operation was designed to reduce the number of Thargoids operating in the system, and to gather Thargoid material for Aegis’s ongoing research and development programme.  
  
The spokesperson released the following statement:  
  
“The recovered Thargoid materials will be used to test larger versions of the AX dumbfire missile and AX Multi-Cannon, which will be made available to the galactic community soon at planetary military bases. Our thanks go to those who supported this operation.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Cavaleiri in the Electra system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Probe Research Implications  
  
3302-07-21   
  
Recent developments in Unknown Probe research have raised concerns among military strategists.  
  
Today, Captain Alexis Corvus of Task Force Athena briefed the Imperial Senate on the implications of an offensively deployed Unknown Probe.  
  
"The offensive potential of these Probes mustn't be underestimated. A single fighter with a discovery scanner and a probe in its cargo hold could potentially disable dozens of spacecraft. A customized torpedo designed to similarly trigger its payload could be even more disruptive, allowing a hostile fleet to prey on the disabled vessels.  
  
"The zeal with which the Federation has been collecting resources like these probes leads me to believe they have already considered these use cases. Moreover, the stationing of no fewer than five Farragut-class Battlecruisers in Merope suggests this matter is of grave importance to them. If we mean to maintain the status quo, we must act prudently.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
# Further Surveillance Robots Discovered  
  
3304-10-05   
  
The Federal Security Service has discovered more administration robots fitted with secret surveillance programs.  
  
Lieutenant Inspector Ramesh Thorne informed the media:  
  
"Our investigation into Lloyd Hardacre's admin robot, which secretly recorded evidence of corporate fraud, has broadened significantly. Acting on reports of unusual behaviour, we have found five further robots containing hidden surveillance programs.  
  
"In each case, the robot was a PA912 model, manufactured by the Achilles Corporation. The robots' owners are now helping us with our enquiries.  
  
Two of the five owners have been identified. Don Zhao is the CEO of Kuiper Mining Inc., while Anya Blackriver runs a public-relations consultancy with offices in Olympus Village, San Francisco and Columbus station.  
  
A spokesperson for the Achilles Corporation gave this statement:  
  
"We are cooperating with the FSS investigation, and would like to reassure the public that our robots are as trustworthy as ever. This illegal surveillance has nothing whatsoever to do with the Achilles Corporation.  
  
Over the last decade, the Achilles Corporation has sold over 20 million robots throughout the Federation, including nearly 300,000 PA912 models.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Governor Joel Xander Removed from Office and Arrested  
  
3301-07-19   
  
Governor Joel Xander Removed from Office and Arrested  
  
  
  
Joel Xander, the Federal governor of BD-22 3573 of the Federally aligned Forrester Station, has been removed from office and arrested by Federal agents in a surprise raid early this morning. Xander and members of his family have been taken off the planet in an escorted Dropship marked with the insignia of the Federal Intelligence Agency.  
  
While there is no official statement about the allegations against Xander at this time, recent events in BD-22 3573 give reason for speculations about the background of this dramatic arrest. It has been suspected for a long time that Xander's friendly relations with local rulers like King Justice II of the Justice Party and Supreme Leader Anxo Lino of BD-22 3573 Flag might some day cause trouble.  
  
## Federal Intelligence Agency  
  
# Community Goal: Rogue Runners Appeal  
  
3303-11-30   
  
The Rogue Runners, an independent group based in the Run system, have announced plans to restore and expand Leif Enterprise, an asteroid base in their home system. The organisation has expressed hope that the renovated base will become a manufacturing centre for high-end ships and modules.  
  
Autumn Leif, the founder of Rogue Runners Co., released the following statement:  
  
“We have always worked hard to ensure our customers have the goods they need. With demand for both ships and components rising, we need this base to be fully functional. We hope that by reinforcing the superstructure with meta-alloys, we can make the base resistant to the harmful effects of Thargoid Sensors.”  
  
In support of this goal, the organisation has placed an open order for Meta-Alloys, Platinum and Building Fabricators, promising to reward contractors who deliver these goods to Smithport in the Run system. The Rogue Runners have also placed a kill order on all ships on their wanted list, to ensure that those delivering goods to Smithport can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 30th of November 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Repair Jaques Station  
  
3302-07-21   
  
Jaques, the owner and operator of Jaques Station, has issued an appeal for commodities to repair his beleaguered starport.  
  
The station has been in poor shape ever since Jaques made an unsuccessful attempt to travel to Beagle Point. Since then, a number of independent pilots have voluntarily delivered meta-alloys to the station, resulting in the reopening of the starport's commodities market. But to restore the starport to full functionality, a full-scale campaign is needed. In a statement, Jaques said:  
  
"We're very grateful to all the pilots who brought us meta-alloys over the past few weeks. But to get the station back online, we're also going to need power generators, tantalum, structural regulators and energy grid assemblies. So we're asking all pilots to deliver whatever they can.  
  
Jaques has promised to reward pilots who deliver the requested materials to Jaques Station in the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system. The campaign begins on the 21st of July 3302 and will run for four weeks. If Jaques's targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Presidential Candidate Murdered  
  
3304-10-05   
  
Fazia Silva, one of the three candidates in the Alliance presidential race, has been found dead. She is believed to have been murdered.  
  
Inspector Erin Sangster of Alliance Interpol informed the media:  
  
"Ms Silva's body was found in a room at Hume Orbital, where she was staying during her presidential campaign. Medical teams detected traces of poison, making this a suspected homicide.  
  
There has already been speculation that this was a political killing, motivated by Silva's proposed changes to Alliance financial policy. The entrepreneur also had fierce rivals in the business world.  
  
Her sister Tashmira Silva, who has been overseeing the Silva corporate empire, stated:  
  
"Our family is devastated – we can't believe that Fazia has been taken from us. I will honour her by continuing to run the companies that she made so successful.  
  
Condolences have been delivered by Prime Minister Edmund Mahon and both of Ms Silva's election rivals, Gibson Kincaid and Elijah Beck. President Kincaid said:  
  
"This tragedy constitutes a direct attack on our democracy. The Alliance's enemies will do anything they can to destabilise us, including murder. If we are to fight back, we will need strong leadership.  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Unfettering of the Pegasi Sector  
  
3301-07-19   
  
The Unfettering of the Pegasi Sector  
  
  
  
The Kumo Crew has been known to brand free citizens as slaves and ferry them to an uncertain fate in their capital system, Harma. The Imperial blockade of Harma and the surrounding systems has intercepted thousands of these slaves, many of whom are emaciated, deeply bruised, and otherwise afflicted.  
  
One fresh graduate of the Imperial Naval Academy had this to say regarding his observations:  
  
"10 years ago my family had a slave. It wasn't until he paid his debts and returned to his family that I learned he was not my brother. My father told me on that day to remember Peter, my “older brother,” because I too may become indebted, or sponsor a slave like my "brother." That is Imperial Slavery. This... this slavery must be destroyed.  
  
Philanthropic representatives of Sirius Corp. have extended humanitarian services by returning the slaves, liberated by the Imperial fleet, to their homes and families.  
  
# Galactic News: New Aegis Initiative  
  
3303-12-01   
  
Aegis has announced plans to dramatically expand its research division with the creation of over twenty new laboratories, situated at starports across the galaxy.  
  
Professor Alba Tesreau, Aegis’s chief scientific advisor, gave the following statement to The Imperial Herald:  
  
“We must do everything we can to further our understanding of the Thargoids. That’s why these new research centres are so important. Everything we can learn about the Thargoids’ history, biology and psychology is of potential value.”  
  
“If we could understand the Thargoids – really understand them – perhaps we could broker some kind of truce. I for one have not given up on the idea of peace.”  
  
“Over the past few months, we have conducted a massive recruitment drive to secure some of the galaxy’s best and brightest minds. Now it’s time to find out what those minds can accomplish.”  
  
The starports involved in the initiative include:  
  
Arc's Faith, HR 1183  
  
Armstrong Enterprise, Bhal  
  
Artemis Lodge, Celaeno  
  
Asami Orbital, Pleiades Sector JC-V D2-62  
  
Bao Landing, HIP 17497  
  
Beaufoy Vision, Nauni  
  
Bennington's Rest, 49 N Persei  
  
Borrego's Vision, Pleiades Sector IH-V C2-7  
  
Cavalieri, Electra  
  
Cleaver Prospect, Pleiades Sector HR-W d1-57  
  
Copernicus Observatory, Asterope  
  
Cyllene Orbital, Atlas  
  
Exodus Point, Hyades Sector AB-W B2-2  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis  
  
Hudson Observatory, HIP 17694  
  
Kamov Survey, HIP 17892  
  
Kipling Orbital, Pleiades Sector KC-V C2-11  
  
Liman Legacy, HIP 16753  
  
Malthus Terminal, Pleiades Sector HR-W D1-41  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Reed's Rest, Merope  
  
Rix Depot, Pleiades Sector IH-V C2-5  
  
The Oracle, Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55  
  
Titan's Daughter, Taygeta  
  
Weyn Dock, 64 Arietis  
  
## List of AEGIS lab stations  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-10-06   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Fazia Silva, one of the three candidates in the Alliance presidential race, has been found dead. There has been speculation that the murder was a political killing, motivated by Silva's proposed changes to Alliance financial policy. Condolences have been delivered by Prime Minister Edmund Mahon and both of Ms Silva's election rivals, Gibson Kincaid and Elijah Beck.  
  
Technology company Herculean Machines dominated the recent Rackham Ultratech Expo, which took place on Wednesday 3rd October. Billionaire Zachary Rackham was delighted with Herculean's Duradrive, and agreed to authorise preliminary funding for the device. The Torc, a rival product from Supratech, had a less successful showing.  
  
In other news, the Federal Security Service has discovered more administration robots fitted with secret surveillance programs. In each case, the robot was a PA912 model, manufactured by the Achilles Corporation. The company has announced that it is cooperating with the FSS investigation.  
  
Juanita Bishop has failed to be elected to Federal Congress. Many of Bishop's followers have abandoned her in the wake of Gethin Okonkwo's investigation, which found no connection between the Far God sect and the Thargoids, while Congress members have taken a stand against Mrs Bishop for cultivating civil unrest.  
  
Meanwhile, media organisation Broadcast Cobra has announced its intention to build a megaship in the HIP 16038 system. The organisation, which specialises in politics and current events, aims to reach a wider audience with the construction of this mobile studio, and has placed an open order for materials to facilitate construction.  
  
Finally, Mould Federal Mining Incorporated has confirmed that its appeal for commodities to supply an Oktoberfest celebration in the Bhagui system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering commodities to Leavitt Port, and by protecting traders in the Bhagui system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-07-21   
  
A spokesperson for Bava Blue Travel Systems has announced that hundreds of independent pilots responded to the recent Imperial appeal for exploration data, delivering large quantities of astronomical information to Bauschinger City in the Bava system. The appeal was part of an Imperial campaign to locate further barnacles, the only known source of meta-alloys.  
  
In a brief statement, the spokesperson thanked the many Commanders who supported the campaign:  
  
"We are immensely grateful to all the intrepid explorers who contributed to this initiative. Your data will now be analysed to see if it can reveal the location of further barnacle sites. Of course, this process is not an exact science, so it may take some time. We will keep the galactic community abreast of our progress.  
  
# Alliance and Sirius Corp Pilots Celebrate Agreement  
  
3301-07-20   
  
Alliance and Sirius Corp Pilots Celebrate Agreement  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-12-05   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Jeury Port, Regi  
  
Jones City, Akba Atacab  
  
Filippenko Dock, Ngulungbara  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Braun Orbital, Tengye  
  
Kuttner's Pride, Barnard's Star  
  
# Galactic News: EG Pliots win Rise to Power  
  
3302-07-21   
  
The third and final heat of the Rise to Power campaign is over.  
  
For this stage of the competition, pilots were asked to recover salvaged precious gems and deliver them to Laura Elizabeth in the Meropis system. Matters were complicated by the fact that the event organisers refused to reveal the precise whereabouts of the salvage site, giving just a single clue to its location.  
  
Once the location was found, a desperate race began as pilots urgently ferried the gems to the Laura Elizabeth starport in support of their chosen faction. Ultimately, it was the EG Pilots who received the most salvaged precious gems and claimed victory. But the celebrations were short-lived, as the EG Pilots waited tensely for the announcement of the overall victor.  
  
Now that the results of each heat have been reviewed, the event organisers have announced that the winner of the Rise to Power campaign is...the EG Pilots.  
  
Trinity Avon, reporting for The Sovereign, commented on what has proved to be an exciting competition:  
  
"The EG Pilots have shown that they has the necessary strength and influence to be recognised as a power in their own right. I for one look forward to seeing what the future holds.  
  
# Survivors of the Far God  
  
3304-10-10   
  
Independent journalist Gethin Okonkwo has shared more details about his time with the Far God cult:  
  
"After three months of living as a Far God worshipper, I'm now acclimatising to life as an ordinary citizen. There, I was known only as Third Witness of the Tenth Chapter, although that was more of a title than a name. Identical in our robes, we were all nameless servants of the commune.  
  
"That may sound despotic, but there was a strangely seductive aspect to surrendering one's identity. At times I almost experienced the tranquillity that true adherents seemed to feel.  
  
"I'm relieved to see Far God believers returning to their hive-chapels, having survived weeks of persecution. This has been a baptism of fire for the sect, with hundreds dead and several chapters still missing.  
  
"Many other doomsayer cults have since faded away or, like the Church of Eternal Void, been outlawed. But it seems that the Far God faith will endure, perhaps even beyond our conflict with the Thargoids.  
  
"I have been contacted by the exotheologian Dr Alfred Ulyanov with a view to combining our research. Together we hope to produce the definitive account of this tenacious religion.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-07-21   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
The following are 10 of the 387 minor factions are in lockdown:  
  
Kassimshipa Company  
  
Blue Comms Corp.  
  
Defence Force of Tanmark  
  
Sietae Empire League  
  
Progressive Party of HR 1254  
  
Caria Empire Assembly  
  
Alpha Fornacis Interstellar  
  
Kamocan Purple Universal Corp  
  
Sopontet Fortune Corp.  
  
Velnians Crew  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can reduce the lockdown period.  
  
These are 10 of the 813 minor factions are experiencing civil unrest:  
  
LHS 3749 Group  
  
CT Tucanae Boys  
  
Rata Bares Purple Dragons  
  
Society of Kemwer  
  
Unkuar Jet Natural Group  
  
Lausang Empire Party  
  
Peckollerci Democrats  
  
Natural Contien Movement  
  
Witchhaul Corporation  
  
Sadhen Purple Partnership  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Diamond Frogs Campaign  
  
3303-12-07   
  
The Diamond Frogs, a mercenary outfit based on the lawless fringes of the Capricorni sector, has announced plans to build a new installation in the 63 G. Capricorni system.  
  
The faction's current base of operations has become virtually uninhabitable, as its power and cooling systems being have been pushed past their limits.  
  
In support of this goal, the faction has placed an open order for Beer, Liquor, Coffee, Legal Narcotics, Computer Components, Power Generators and Superconductors, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Skvortsov Orbital in the 63 G Capricorni system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 7th of December 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Restoring Order in Carthage  
  
3302-07-21   
  
Authorities in the Carthage system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. To ensure these agitators do not disrupt the Lavigny's Legion campaign, a kill order has been placed on all wanted ships operating in the system. Lavigny's Legion has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Marker Depot.  
  
The campaign begins on the 21st of July 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Increased Fear of Spy Robots  
  
3304-10-11   
  
The Federal Security Service has discovered more personal administration robots containing concealed surveillance programs.  
  
Independent reporter Flint 'Firemaker' Lafosse discussed the situation on the Rewired news feed:  
  
"In recent weeks, hundreds of individuals and businesses have destroyed their personal robots. Mass robophobia? Or paranoia that the robots might be secretly recording them? Makes you wonder what these people are trying to hide…  
  
"How many millions of robots are spying on us right now? And for what purpose? Is it a coincidence that all the affected models are made by the Achilles Corporation? Maybe blackmailing the rich is their new revenue stream.  
  
# Prism Senator Missing  
  
3301-07-21   
  
Prism Senator Missing  
  
  
  
In the early hours of this morning, a security alert was received from the Imperial suite where Senator Kahina Tijani Loren has been residing.  
  
The entry to the residence was found to be locked, and no response was received from inside. Security personnel were authorised to break in.  
  
The interior of the suite was found to be pristine, with no evidence of habitation. In-room holofac consoles were found not to have been used throughout the duration of the Senator’s apparent occupation. A search has revealed no sign of the Senator’s whereabouts.   
  
Ambassador Cuthrick Delaney made a brief statement to the press. “Senator Kahina has previously empowered me to represent the Prism system on her behalf. I will do my best to discharge that duty according to her instructions. Senator Kahina is a very private individual, and has not sought my, or any other, counsel in the last month. We do not know where she has gone. Naturally we are concerned about her safety and would urge anyone who knows of her whereabouts to contact the authorities immediately. Her disappearance is very disturbing indeed.”  
  
Reaction across the Empire was muted, but many have speculated that something underhand has happened to the visiting Senator.   
  
“Doesn’t matter what Delaney says,” said a commentator from the Imperial Citizen. “Prism belongs to Patreus now, Kahina’s just abandoned it and all the citizens she professed to care about. She’s a coward and an irrelevance.”  
  
“Did she get too close to the fires burning in the Empire?” asked Kazien Vantris, chief editor of the Imperial Herald. “Or is she pursuing some other objective? She was always determined and bold. Wherever you’ve gone, Lady Kahina, farewell.”  
  
Lady Kahina’s Imperial Courier, the ‘Seven Veils’, still at the Capitol spaceport, was impounded and examined. It was found to be completely stripped of all valuable equipment, with the modifications made at Avalon shipyards discovered to be carefully crafted fakes.  
  
Lady Kahina’s Imperial tiara was found in the cockpit, along with a small medallion bearing an ancient symbol on one side and the word ‘Salomé’ on the other.  
  
The symbol is believed to belong to an organisation some refer to as ‘The Dark Wheel’.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: The Colonia Exodus  
  
3303-12-07   
  
Despite the repeated assurances of the galactic authorities, which have endeavoured to downplay the scale of the Thargoid threat, it is clear that many of those in the core systems feel less than secure. This is evidenced by the huge numbers of citizens fleeing to Colonia, eager to escape the Thargoids.  
  
In response to this development, the Colonia Council issued the following statement:  
  
"Colonia has always been a haven, and we would never deny entry to those fleeing danger. But if we are to provide people with homes and employment, we must build. We have therefore made plans to establish a number of new outposts throughout Colonia, to support our new neighbours.  
  
"Unfortunately, the urgency of the situation means we cannot rely on our usual trade partners, and we are therefore turning to the galactic community for support. We have placed an open order for a range of construction materials, and have set aside considerable premiums for pilots who deliver these goods to Pilkington Orbital in the Einheriar system.  
  
The campaigns begin on the 7th of December 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: A Majestic Development  
  
3302-07-21   
  
Lavigny's Legion, an Imperial organisation based in the Carthage system, has launched a campaign to add three new Majestic-class Interdictors to the Imperial fleet.  
  
At a press conference, Lucius Lavigny confirmed that the Emperor had personally authorised the campaign. According to Lavigny, the initiative is a direct response to the Federation's "ongoing military build-up". The admiral closed the conference with the words: "We must continue to strengthen our fleet and reinforce our garrisons.  
  
Lavigny's Legion has placed an open order for thallium, thermal cooling units and CMM composites for use in the construction, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver the requested material to Marker Depot in the Carthage system. The campaign begins on the 21st of July 3302 and will run for one week. If the Empire's targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Close Encounters Corps Initiative  
  
3304-10-11   
  
The Close Encounters Corps has announced its intention to construct a scientific megaship in the BD-12 1172 system. The new vessel will allow research teams to map and explore the planets of the surrounding nebula.  
  
Admiral Anton Vern of the Close Encounters Corps issued the following statement:  
  
"A number of survey groups have expressed interest in mapping the nebula surrounding the BD-12 1172 system. This new scientific vessel will act as a base from which they can research the abundance of unexplored planets throughout the nebula.  
  
To facilitate construction of the megaship, the Close Encounters Corps has placed an open order for muon imagers, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Crown Prospect in the Kagutsuchi system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing material can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 11th of October 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Fuel Rat Deep Space Relay Rescue  
  
3301-07-21   
  
Fuel Rat Deep Space Relay Rescue  
  
  
  
The Fuel Rats received a distress call from Cmdr Neospike as he returned from Sagittarius A* when a broken fuel scoop left him stranded over 3,600 light years from civilization. The Reboot/Repair sequence failed to fix the fuel scoop.  
  
Several commanders responded to the distress call, including Domaq, Paul_Kavinsky, Rusticolus, Cpt_Shinobi, Surly_badger, and Anuranium.  
  
Cmdr. Domaq quickly arrived on scene and provided an initial refuelling to ensure the ship could remain powered while the other ships moved into position.  
  
A relay operation involving several ships and roughly 540 limpet drones then proceeded. Speed was a priority due to the damage Cmdr. Neospike’s ship had undergone leaving all of his systems at less than 5%.  
  
As of this reporting the Fuel Rat initiative has rescued over 190 stranded pilots.  
  
# Galactic News: Rogue Runners Appeal Concludes  
  
3303-12-07   
  
The Rogue Runners have announced that their campaign to renovate an asteroid base in Run has received the unalloyed support of the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Smithport, the organisation’s base of operations. The initiative was supported by scores of independent combat pilots, who protected those delivering goods to the starport.  
  
Autumn Leif, the founder of Rogue Runners Co., released the following statement as the campaign drew to a close:  
  
"I would like to thank the galactic community for supporting this initiative. We now have everything we need to repair and upgrade Leif Enterprise, which should soon be offering a large selection of ships and modules. This would not have been possible without the help of Rogue Security and the galaxy’s independent combat pilots, who provided outstanding protection.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Smithport in the Run system.  
  
# Freelance Report: Could Halsey Shake up Federal Politics?  
  
3302-07-22   
  
Following the release of former Federal president Jasmina Halsey from the Clearwater Clinic, commentators from around the galaxy are asking the same question: What's next for Halsey?  
  
According to political analyst Emilio Blythe: "If Halsey were to return to politics, it could spell trouble for Shadow President Felicia Winters. Winters's leadership of the Liberal Party has been questioned over the last few months, and Halsey could conceivably retake control of the party.  
  
Meanwhile, members of the religious cult known as The Hands of the Architects are holding onto the hope that Halsey will take on the mantle of prophet, and lead them to 'communion with the Architects'.  
  
Attempts to contact the former president have been rebuffed by her staff.  
  
Jaiotu  
  
# Broadcast Cobra Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-10-11   
  
Broadcast Cobra has announced that its appeal for commodities has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community.  
  
Vast quantities of thorium, indium and superconductors were delivered to Sopwith Dock over the past week. These will allow construction of a megaship from which the organisation will broadcast its take on current events.  
  
Alessandra Koa of Broadcast Cobra issued the following statement:  
  
"We'd like to thank everyone who supported this campaign. We hope that wherever you are, you're always listening.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Sopwith Dock in the HIP 16038 system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-07-22   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT ) the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period to assemble the latest data.  
  
Any pilots who operate for any of the powers should ensure that they deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time for their activities to be registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Aegis Initiative off to a Promising Start  
  
3303-12-08   
  
Reports from the Taygeta system indicate that Aegis’s new research programme is already bearing fruit.  
  
Professor Boden Tench, principal researcher at Titan's Daughter, offered the following statement to Universal Scientist:  
  
“We’re currently focusing on the Thargoid Probes and Sensors, and we’ve already learned a great deal about the way the Thargoids transmit and store information.”  
  
“We’ve also been studying the star maps found inside Thargoid structures. We still don’t know the precise purpose of these maps, but our analysis has revealed some intriguing details about how the Thargoids categorise geographical data. Indeed, it’s entirely possible that their concepts of territory differ dramatically from our own.”  
  
# Galactic News: Knives Drawn  
  
3302-07-22   
  
With the Federal-Imperial relationship currently on unsteady ground, political commentators have been reviewing recent events and offering their analyses of the current situation.  
  
Most agree that the turning point came in March, when the Federation began construction of a new Farragut-class Battlecruiser in the Beta Hydri system. The Empire made no response to the development at first, but an anonymous Imperial source was quoted as saying: "If the Federation embarked on a campaign of military fortification, it's likely the Empire would respond in kind." A short time later, the Empire started work on a new Majestic-class Interdictor.  
  
Conflict erupted in June, when Imperial forces attempted to take possession of the Federation-controlled Daramo system. The Federation was able to rebuff the offensive in just three days, however, prompting one high-ranking Federal officer to comment: "Hopefully this episode will remind our enemies that they cannot simply take whatever they want.  
  
A few weeks later, the Federation deployed a number of Farragut-class Battlecruisers to the Merope system. The ships took up position near the non-human structures commonly known as barnacles, prompting outrage from various sections of the galactic community. The Federation insisted its intention was to protect the sites, but the Empire remained unconvinced, accusing the Federation of trying to take possession of the barnacles. Shortly thereafter, the Empire announced that it too would despatch a deputation to Merope.  
  
Commentators generally agree that the meta-alloys have now become a focus for Federal-Imperial antagonism. While it has been confirmed that the meta-alloys can counter the harmful effects of the Unknown Artefacts, no other applications for the material have been found. But speculation abounds that there may be as-yet undiscovered uses for the remarkable substance. The fact that the Federation has announced plans to construct a number of outposts in the Pleiades sector – one of the primary locations of meta-alloys – is further evidence that it has a keen interest in the material.  
  
As tensions between the two superpowers increase, only one thing can be stated with certainty: in the competition for control of the meta-alloys, the Federation has taken the lead.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Duradrive Enters Production  
  
3304-10-12   
  
Technology company Herculean Machines has begun mass production of its new device, the Duradrive personal computer.  
  
Following the successful performance of its prototype at the Rackham Ultratech Expo, the company has received corporate funding from a range of sources, including Rackham Capital Investments.  
  
Maddox Hurd, CEO of Herculean Machines, told the media:  
  
"As I've said before, what people want is a reliable tool that is tough enough to handle anything. I'd like to once again thank the galactic community for providing the commodities that made our success possible.  
  
There has been no comment from rival CEO Scorpio DeVorrow.  
  
## Zachary Rackham  
  
# Galactic News: Aegis Initiative off to a Promising Start  
  
3303-12-09   
  
Reports from the Taygeta system indicate that Aegis’s new research programme is already bearing fruit.  
  
Professor Boden Tench, principal researcher at Titan's Daughter, offered the following statement to Universal Scientist:  
  
“We’re currently focusing on the Thargoid Probes and Sensors, and we’ve already learned a great deal about the way the Thargoids transmit and store information.”  
  
“We’ve also been studying the star maps found inside Thargoid structures. We still don’t know the precise purpose of these maps, but our analysis has revealed some intriguing details about how the Thargoids categorise geographical data. Indeed, it’s entirely possible that their concepts of territory differ dramatically from our own.”  
  
# Date Set for Imperial Wedding  
  
3301-07-22   
  
Date Set for Imperial Wedding  
  
  
  
The Office for the Emperor has published details of the wedding between Emperor Hengist Duval and Florence Lavigny. The wedding will take place at midday on Wednesday 29th July. Invitations have already been sent out and this reporter is one of the lucky few to provide news updates from the wedding entourage itself.  
  
Senators and some prominent patrons together with well known celebrities from all over the Empire have accepted invitations from the Imperial Palace, and have flooded the Emperor’s communications team with their responses. The Emperor himself took a few minutes from his busy schedule to give his thanks:  
  
“The well wishes both for my recovery and upcoming marriage have warmed my heart. I am strengthened by the love that senators, patrons, clients and citizens of this great empire have shown me.”  
  
With the news of the wedding date being set, the newsfeeds have erupted with speculation of the outfits for the Emperor and his new Regent. Those boutiques who most closely match the actual attire are likely to see a windfall as everyone celebrates by purchasing the latest trend in fashion.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: A Year of Buckyball Racing  
  
3302-07-22   
  
The Buckyball Racing Club was formed, one year ago, to provide a schedule of races involving a wide variety of pilots. In its first year the club hosted a total of 28 races, and to celebrate it is hosting one of its craziest yet: the BuckyBubble!  
  
Commemorating the club's most famous race, the A* Challenge, the BuckyBubble starts at Lomas Station in the Wolf 359 system. Racers will navigate a route that passes through 60 systems loosely resembling the shape of a buckyball molecule.  
  
Pilots are invited to join the chaos from the 23rd of July to the 7th of August.  
  
Commander Seneh  
  
# Presidential Candidates Make Final Pledges  
  
3304-10-13   
  
The two remaining candidates in the Alliance presidential race have returned to the Alioth system to make their final campaign vows.  
  
In the parliamentary chamber of the Assembly, Elijah Beck addressed his fellow council members:  
  
"The Alliance occupies a unique position, and as such must remain true to its principles. My focus as president will be on attracting more independent systems to our interstellar family.  
  
He was followed by the current incumbent, President Gibson Kincaid:  
  
"Fazia Silva's assassination was an assault on our democracy. The Alliance's enemies are growing bold, and we must do the same. I beseech the Assembly to imbue the presidential role with executive powers, to transform our Alliance into a true superpower capable of challenging its adversaries.  
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon thanked both candidates and wished them good luck in the election.  
  
The public vote will take place on Tuesday the 16th of October and the results will be announced later that week.  
  
# Galactic News: Galactic Leaders Condemn INRA  
  
3303-12-13   
  
Following the discovery of further INRA outposts, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval and Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon have issued statements denouncing the now-defunct INRA.  
  
Speaking from the Imperial Palace on Capitol, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
“What the INRA records underscore is that even when faced with dire threats, we cannot abandon our principles. Evidently, the INRA crossed ethical boundaries in its pursuit of victory. Defending civilisation cannot come at the cost of our humanity.”  
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon added the following:  
  
“While the INRA records are indeed disturbing, it was the account of John Jameson that troubled me most. Here we have a man – who evidently did a great deal to defend civilisation from the Thargoids – who was deceived, manipulated and ultimately murdered by the INRA.”  
  
“I am aware of concerns that Aegis could continue in the same vein. Fortunately, Aegis is bound by the strictest possible codes of conduct. We will not make the same mistakes.”  
  
Meanwhile, the descendents of those affected by the INRA’s activities are reportedly investigating the possibility of legal action. Legal experts have advised that such efforts are unlikely to yield results, however, given the amount of time that has passed.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-07-22   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report indicates some of the minor factions enduring significant health issues such as famine and outbreaks (*).  
  
Outbreaks have been reported by the following minor factions:  
  
Dajoar  
  
Eleu  
  
20 Ophiuchi  
  
Like famines, outbreaks cause a major disruption to the inhabitants’ standard of living. Resupply of medicines and related trade contracts are needed to end the outbreak. Due to the state of emergency combat missions and activities provide no effect on influence.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Freelance Report: GalCop Mobilizes to Aid Jaques Station  
  
3302-07-23   
  
Since contact with Jaques Station was re-established, a substantial effort from independent pilots to deliver meta-alloys to the stricken starport has returned it to partial functionality.  
  
With the commodities market now open, Jaques has issued an appeal for the components needed to restore his station to full operational status. The Galactic Cooperative of Worlds has pledged to ensure the success of the initiative, having secured a logistical supply chain and established an operational beachhead in the surrounding sectors.  
  
Jahena Yar Savor, GalCop's Chief Executive Officer, said that the Cooperative would "establish a localised resource base in the systems surrounding Jaques in order to offset the financial burden of securing these resources. Many of our pilots and member organisations acquired substantial wealth during the Dangerous Games, and we thought it would only be fair to use these assets to aid a friend.  
  
'Disc' Commander Felix Dyson - Radio Skvortsov  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-10-13   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Journalist Gethin Okonkwo has shared more details about his time with the Far God cult. In a detailed article, Okonkwo expressed relief at Far God believers returning to their hive-chapels following weeks of persecution. The journalist said he would be collaborating with exotheologian Dr Alfred Ulyanov to produce a definitive account of the sect.  
  
The Federal Security Service has discovered more personal administration robots containing concealed surveillance programs, prompting hundreds of businesses and individuals to destroy their personal robots. It is understood that all the affected models are made by the Achilles Corporation.  
  
In other news, technology company Herculean Machines has begun mass production of its new device, the Duradrive personal computer. Following the successful performance of its prototype at the Rackham Ultratech Expo, the company has received corporate funding from a range of sources, including Rackham Capital Investments.  
  
The two remaining candidates in the Alliance presidential race have returned to the Alioth system to make their final campaign vows. Elijah Beck said that his focus as president would be on attracting more systems to the Alliance, while current president Gibson Kincaid renewed his plea to imbue the presidential role with executive powers.  
  
Meanwhile, the Close Encounters Corps has announced plans to construct a scientific megaship in the BD-12 1172 system. The new vessel will allow research teams to map and explore the planets of the surrounding nebula. The Close Encounters Corps has placed an open order for various commodities to facilitate construction of the megaship.  
  
Finally, Broadcast Cobra has announced that its appeal for commodities has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community. The commodities contributed to the campaign will be used to construct a megaship, from which the organisation will broadcast its take on current events.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Cerberus Plague Shuts Down Station Services  
  
3301-07-22   
  
Cerberus Plague Shuts Down Station Services  
  
  
  
Due to the ongoing crisis caused the Cerberus Plague, key station services at the following starports are not currently available. The following starports are affected:  
  
In the Dajoar system:  
  
Thiel Port  
  
Crown Terminal  
  
Patrick Terminal  
  
Macquorn Rankine Port  
  
Ejeta Enterprise  
  
In the Eleu system:  
  
Finney Dock  
  
Bao Orbital  
  
Elder Station  
  
Tem Station  
  
Pierce Gateway  
  
Bradshaw Station  
  
In the 20 Ophiuchi system:  
  
Chargaff Port  
  
Artsebarsky Gateway  
  
The following station services are unavailable:  
  
Re-arming  
  
Market  
  
Bulletin Board  
  
Docking  
  
Shipyard  
  
Outfitting  
  
Black Market  
  
The authorities on these starports report that services will remain offline until the Cerberus Plague has been contained and resources can be spared to work on these facilities.  
  
# Galactic News: Galactic Leaders Condemn INRA  
  
3303-12-13   
  
Following the discovery of further INRA outposts, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval and Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon have issued statements denouncing the now-defunct INRA.  
  
Speaking from the Imperial Palace on Capitol, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
“What the INRA records underscore is that even when faced with dire threats, we cannot abandon our principles. Evidently, the INRA crossed ethical boundaries in its pursuit of victory. Defending civilisation cannot come at the cost of our humanity.”  
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon added the following:  
  
“While the INRA records are indeed disturbing, it was the account of John Jameson that troubled me most. Here we have a man – who evidently did a great deal to defend civilisation from the Thargoids – who was deceived, manipulated and ultimately murdered by the INRA.”  
  
“I am aware of concerns that Aegis could continue in the same vein. Fortunately, Aegis is bound by the strictest possible codes of conduct. We will not make the same mistakes.”  
  
Meanwhile, the descendents of those affected by the INRA’s activities are reportedly investigating the possibility of legal action. Legal experts have advised that such efforts are unlikely to yield results, however, given the amount of time that has passed.  
  
# Freelance Report: The August Exodus  
  
3302-07-27   
  
With the possibility of war between the Federation and the Empire looming, a number of intrepid explorers have banded together to establish a new way of life among the stars. Over 300 pilots from across inhabited space have signed up to take part in the largest convoy ever assembled, designated the August Exodus – A Jaunt to Jaques.  
  
The first convoy, comprising 250 pilots, set off from the Ocshooit system on the 24th of July, and is expected to reach Jaques Station within two weeks. The second convoy is being assembled, and almost 60 pilots have signed up so far. It will depart on the 15th of August.  
  
It is hoped that this monumental effort will not only return Jaques Station to full operational power, but also usher in the birth of a new colony in the Colonia Nebula, where Jaques is currently located.  
  
Commander unrealization  
  
Zandu Science Journal | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Kincaid Wins Election  
  
3304-10-17   
  
Gibson Kincaid has been announced as the winner of the Alliance presidential election. He will continue serving as president of the Alliance.  
  
Kincaid obtained a small majority of the public vote, defeating Councillor Elijah Beck. Entrepreneur Fazia Silva, the third candidate in the race, was recently found dead, and is the subject of an Interpol investigation.  
  
President Kincaid addressed his followers at a victory rally:  
  
"My thanks go to every citizen who saw the wisdom of my vision. I vow to lead you into a glorious future!  
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon gave a statement to the media:  
  
"I offer my congratulations to President Kincaid on being successfully re-elected. The Assembly is continuing to debate his proposal to imbue the presidential role with executive powers. We have agreed to extend the deadline by one week, after which a parliamentary vote will decide the outcome.  
  
# Date Set for Imperial Wedding  
  
3301-07-22   
  
Date Set for Imperial Wedding  
  
  
  
The Office for the Emperor has published details of the wedding between Emperor Hengist Duval and Florence Lavigny. The wedding will take place at midday on Wednesday 29th July. Invitations have already been sent out and this reporter is one of the lucky few to provide news updates from the wedding entourage itself.  
  
Senators and some prominent patrons together with well known celebrities from all over the Empire have accepted invitations from the Imperial Palace, and have flooded the Emperor’s communications team with their responses. The Emperor himself took a few minutes from his busy schedule to give his thanks:  
  
“The well wishes both for my recovery and upcoming marriage have warmed my heart. I am strengthened by the love that senators, patrons, clients and citizens of this great empire have shown me.”  
  
With the news of the wedding date being set, the newsfeeds have erupted with speculation of the outfits for the Emperor and his new Regent. Those boutiques who most closely match the actual attire are likely to see a windfall as everyone celebrates by purchasing the latest trend in fashion.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Galactic Leaders Condemn INRA  
  
3303-12-13   
  
Following the discovery of further INRA outposts, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval and Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon have issued statements denouncing the now-defunct INRA.  
  
Speaking from the Imperial Palace on Capitol, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
“What the INRA records underscore is that even when faced with dire threats, we cannot abandon our principles. Evidently, the INRA crossed ethical boundaries in its pursuit of victory. Defending civilisation cannot come at the cost of our humanity.”  
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon added the following:  
  
“While the INRA records are indeed disturbing, it was the account of John Jameson that troubled me most. Here we have a man – who evidently did a great deal to defend civilisation from the Thargoids – who was deceived, manipulated and ultimately murdered by the INRA.”  
  
“I am aware of concerns that Aegis could continue in the same vein. Fortunately, Aegis is bound by the strictest possible codes of conduct. We will not make the same mistakes.”  
  
Meanwhile, the descendents of those affected by the INRA’s activities are reportedly investigating the possibility of legal action. Legal experts have advised that such efforts are unlikely to yield results, however, given the amount of time that has passed.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-07-27   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Rackham Hacked  
  
3304-10-18   
  
Billionaire businessman Zachary Rackham has been targeted by a highly sophisticated hack that successfully withdrew 1 billion credits from his personal account.  
  
A spokesperson for Rackham Capital Investments informed shareholders:  
  
"We have reported the theft to the authorities, and are reviewing our computer security systems. The only clue as to the criminals' identity is a message they left encoded in Mr Rackham's account: 'The Collective plays to win.'  
  
Financial journalist Bryanna Blanco commented in The Federal Times:  
  
"The purpose of the hack was evidently to reclaim the billion-credit prize that Rackham 'won' in the Federal Grand Lottery. What Rackham Capital Investments didn't reveal was that the money was redistributed equally among several hundred of the company's former employees, who were denied their company pensions years ago.  
  
"There is a sweet irony to the old pirate Calico Zack having his money stolen by cyber pirates. Whoever the Collective might be, they seem to have both a sense of justice and a sense of humour.  
  
# Victoria Wolf VI and Commodore Stone launch Operation Augeas  
  
3301-07-23   
  
Victoria Wolf VI and Commodore Stone launch Operation Augeas  
  
  
  
In a joint press conference, Victoria Wolf VI, First Merchantress of Wolf 406 Transport Co, and Commodore Helena Stone of the Alliance Defence Force have announced the launch of Operation Augeas. This is a campaign to rid BD-22 3573 of criminal elements troubling local miners and traders. The Federation has acted swiftly after receiving the results of the investigations led by Commodore Stone. The local absolutistic factions, however, need to be dealt with more bluntly.  
  
Wolf and Stone, who besides their main responsibilities also have seats on the board of the Alliance Elite Diplomatic Corps, explained that they have secured the funds to pay out a bonus for all bounties cashed in Planck Orbital.  
  
Stone was eager to point out that this is not a military operation. The ADF will observe the situation and only intervene in case of escalation as “the system does not fall under the jurisdiction of the Alliance”.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3303-12-13   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Thargoid Sensor related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Jeury Port, Regi  
  
Jones City, Akba Atacab  
  
Filippenko Dock, Ngulungbara  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Braun Orbital, Tengye  
  
Kuttner's Pride, Barnard's Star  
  
# Community Goal: Empire Appeals for Meta-Alloys  
  
3302-07-28   
  
As the galaxy becomes increasingly focused on the meta-alloys, the Empire has issued a galaxy-wide request for the controversial material. A spokesperson for the Zagoro Imperial Society, which is coordinating the appeal, released the following statement:  
  
"We don't yet know all the applications of the meta-alloys, but their ability to counter the harmful effects of the Unknown Artefacts indicates a potentially significant relationship between them, the Artefacts and, presumably, the unknown probes. It would therefore be unwise to let anyone to establish a monopoly on this material.  
  
"By supporting this initiative, you can help ensure that humankind is ideally positioned to meet the future – whatever it may hold.  
  
It is presumably not immaterial that the Empire's initiative coincides with a Federal campaign to establish a new outpost on the planet HIP 17225 A 1 – a known barnacle site.  
  
The Zagoro Imperial Society has promised to reward pilots who deliver meta-alloys to Axon Station in the Zagoro system. The campaign begins on the 28th of July 3302 and will run for one week. If the Empire's targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Palin Institute Campaign  
  
3304-10-18   
  
The Palin Institute has announced an accelerated programme of study to analyse a range of xenobiological data, and perhaps discern the motives behind the Thargoids' unrelenting aggression.  
  
Professor Cora Shaw, director of the Palin Institute, released the following statement:  
  
"In recent months, the Institute has performed countless studies on alien technology and physiology, and our stock of xenobiological samples is severely depleted. For this robust new study, we require a large amount of Thargoid material to support a wide range of experiments.  
  
The Ryder Revolutionary Party, which is supporting the campaign, has placed an open order for various Thargoid materials and promised to reward pilots who deliver these goods to Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering materials to Ryder Revolutionary Party can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 18th of October 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-07-23   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions around the galaxy pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,947 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Kappa Public PLC  
  
Callavs Universal Services  
  
Peraesii Jet Vision Company  
  
Peraesii Purple Bridge Systems  
  
Gliese 3206 Purple Creative  
  
Blue Energy PLC  
  
Maityan Constitution Party  
  
Itza Liberty Party  
  
League of Itza  
  
Meminii Universal Industries  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions are of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Community Goal: Operation Whirling Dervish  
  
3303-12-14   
  
The GalCop Colonial Defence Commission has embarked on a campaign to establish a new Coriolis starport in the Ogmar system. The campaign – dubbed Operation Whirling Dervish – is designed to support further expansion in the Colonia region.  
  
Lou Brady, a spokesperson for the organisation, released the following statement:  
  
"The new starport will be able to accommodate more people, produce high-tech goods, and service larger vessels, making it an ideal platform for future activity in Colonia.  
  
The GalCop Colonial Defence Commission has placed an open order for atmospheric processors, CMM composites, indium, tantalum and thermal cooling units, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Dervish Platform in the Ogmar system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 14th of December 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: Establishing a Base in Eol Prou  
  
3302-07-28   
  
The 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 faction has launched a campaign to establish a planetary outpost in the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system. According to the organisation's spokesperson, the primary purpose of the new outpost will be to support independent trade and exploration in the region.  
  
In a statement, the spokesperson elaborated on the nature of the campaign:  
  
"Well, the arrival of Jaques triggered a real surge in interest in Eol Prou. And since the system is pretty remote, there's a clear need for an outpost to support pilots ferrying material to and from the starport. That's in the short term. There's also a desire among the galactic community to establish a permanent presence in Eol Prou, so hopefully this campaign will be the start of something bigger.  
  
The 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 faction has placed an open order for mined osmium for use in the construction, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver materials to Jaques Station in the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system. The campaign begins on the 28th of July 3302 and will run for four weeks.  
  
# Close Encounters Corps Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-10-18   
  
The Close Encounters Corps has announced that its appeal for commodities has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community.  
  
A huge number of muon imagers were delivered to Crown Prospect over the past week. These will allow the construction of a scientific megaship to research the nebula surrounding the BD-12 1172 system.  
  
With the initiative at an end, Admiral Anton Vern of the Close Encounters Corps issued the following statement:  
  
"I am grateful for the professionalism displayed by the pilots who took part in this project, and thank them on behalf of our researchers. New horizons and new worlds await us.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Crown Prospect in the Kagutsuchi system.  
  
# Cerberus Plague Spreads to the Bastes, Maheou Ti and Ochoeng Systems  
  
3301-07-23   
  
Cerberus Plague Spreads to the Bastes, Maheou Ti and Ochoeng Systems  
  
  
  
News of fresh cases of the Cerberus Plague has caused mass panic among the populations of Shepherd Hub in the Bastes System, Yegorov Station in the Maheou Ti system and Roddenberry Gateway in the Ochoeng system. Even though the number of cases reported so far is relatively low, the medical services and hospitals have been overwhelmed by citizens desperate for treatment, despite not being infected.  
  
Station authorities have appealed for calm and restricted movement to only the most essential travel. States of emergency have been declared and open contracts for urgent medical and aid supplies are being issued for these systems.  
  
# Community Goal: Panum Pisciumque  
  
3303-12-14   
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced plans to build a Dionysus-class Agricultural Vessel in support of ongoing resource-extraction operations in the Pleiades. Once built, the enormous starship will orbit a water world in the Pleiades Sector GW-W c1-15 system.  
  
In support of this operation, Angeli Imperial Enterprises has placed an open order for marine equipment, micro controllers, crop harvesters and coltan, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Potagos Port in the Wangal system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 14th of December 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Community Goal: New Federal Outpost  
  
3302-07-28   
  
Three weeks ago, the Federation ignited controversy with its decision to establish a series of outposts in the Pleiades sector. The development triggered a decisive response from Empire-aligned pilots, who made repeated attempts to destabilise the campaign. Ultimately, the Federation was able to complete the operation, but the Federation's opponents had made their feelings clear – the superpower's military expansion would not proceed unopposed.  
  
Now the Federation has announced plans to establish a new planetary outpost in the HIP 17225 system, which it claims will serve as "a trade and resource-processing hub". Those familiar with HIP 17225 A 1 will be all too aware that the planet is home to a number of barnacle sites.  
  
The Federation has placed an open order for tantalum, building fabricators and energy grid assemblies with which to construct the new base, and has authorised the Future of Segovan to reimburse pilots who deliver these materials to Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 28th of July 3302 and will run for one week. If the Federation's targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Raid on Phoenix Base  
  
3304-10-19   
  
An attempt by armed intruders to access Phoenix Base in the Meene system has been foiled. The base is the home of engineer Ram Tah.  
  
Security Chief Harper Vargas gave this report:  
  
"Defensive systems alerted us to a small group of intruders who had breached the base's perimeter. Our teams engaged them in combat and forced them back to a waiting ship. Unfortunately, we were unable to identify the ship or prevent it from escaping.  
  
"During the incursion, the intruders used explosives to sabotage the base's power network. Fortunately, the base remains operational.  
  
Ram Tah told the media:  
  
"I believe this was an attempt to steal research data or samples of Guardian technology – the implications of which are most disturbing. Although the attempt failed, it has disrupted my important research.  
  
# Cerberus Plague Outbreaks in the Bast, Una and Santjalan Systems  
  
3301-07-23   
  
Cerberus Plague Outbreaks in the Bast, Una and Santjalan Systems  
  
  
  
Reports that the Cerberus Plague has reached Hart Station in the Bast system, Hoard Orbital in the Una system and Cantor Terminal in the Santjalan system is causing fear amongst the population. So far a cure hasn’t been found for this disease despite the continuing work of Carl Simmons, the Chief Medical Officer of Newton Dock, and medical teams in the surrounding systems. In a statement he reiterated that people should remain at home.  
  
Hospitals and care facilities in these systems are already overloaded as the number of infected people rapidly rises. Volunteers and local security personnel are aiding the health services in managing the crisis as well as trying to maintain the rule of law.  
  
Any pilots in the region are being called upon to help deliver medical aid to the affected starports.  
  
# Galactic News: Starports Attacked by Thargoids  
  
3303-12-14   
  
Recent reports indicate that several starports in the Pleiades have been attacked by Thargoids. The attacks have resulted in significant damage and hundreds – possibly thousands – of deaths.  
  
Galactic authorities have confirmed that the affected starports are Titan's Daughter in the Taygeta system, Liman Legacy in HIP 16753 and the Oracle in the Pleiades Sector IR-W D1-55.  
  
It is understood that the attacks were executed by a previously unseen class of Thargoid craft classified as an Interceptor Medusa. Footage from starport security feeds indicate that the Thargoid ships used their shutdown fields to neutralise station defences before targeting the main reactor. One eyewitness said, “It’s like they wanted to cripple rather us rather than destroy us outright”.  
  
Authorities in the affected systems have responded with appeals for foods, water, basic medicines and natural fabrics. They have also implored independent pilots to support relief operations by evacuating civilians from the starports.  
  
Responding to the development, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
“Our thoughts are with those affected by these attacks. While I have every confidence that system authorities will be able to address the situation, the Empire is ready to help if necessary.”  
  
## “It’s like they wanted to cripple rather us rather than destroy us outright”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Latest Imperial Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-07-28   
  
Lavigny's Legion, an Imperial organisation based in the Carthage system, has announced that its appeal for construction materials has reached a successful conclusion. Scores of independent pilots supported the campaign by delivering thallium, thermal cooling units and CMM composites to Marker Depot in the Carthage system. The organisation is now in a position to proceed with its campaign to construct three new Majestic-class Interdictors.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-10-20   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Gibson Kincaid has been announced as the winner of the Alliance presidential election, and will continue serving as president of the Alliance. Kincaid obtained a small majority of the public vote, defeating Councillor Elijah Beck. Prime Minister Edmund Mahon said the Alliance Assembly was still debating Kincaid's proposal to imbue the presidential role with executive powers.  
  
An attempt by armed intruders to access Phoenix Base in the Meene system, home of the engineer Ram Tah, has been foiled. Ram Tah said he believed the thwarted raid was an attempt to steal research data or samples of Guardian technology.  
  
In other news, the Federal Security Service has targeted The Mars Tribune as part of its investigation into robots carrying concealed surveillance programs. The development follows news that several of those found to be in possession of 'spy' robots were the subject of incriminating articles published by the Tribune. The conglomerate that owns The Mars Tribune has challenged any suggestion of wrongdoing.  
  
Billionaire businessman Zachary Rackham has been targeted by a highly sophisticated hack that withdrew 1 billion credits from his personal account. Rackham Capital Investments confirmed that the criminals left a message encoded in Rackham's account: 'The Collective plays to win.' It has been speculated that the hack was intended to reclaim the billion-credit prize that Rackham won in the Federal Grand Lottery.  
  
Meanwhile, the Palin Institute has announced a new research programme designed to discern the motives behind the Thargoids' unrelenting aggression. The Institute has asked the galactic community to contribute Thargoid research material to the campaign.  
  
Finally, the Close Encounters Corps has announced that its appeal for commodities has reached a successful conclusion, having received an overwhelming response from the galactic community. The materials delivered to Crown Prospect over the past week will allow the construction of a scientific megaship to research the nebula surrounding the BD-12 1172 system.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Emperor's Grace and Cosmic State Commence Weapons Manufacture  
  
3301-07-24   
  
Emperor's Grace and Cosmic State Commence Weapons Manufacture  
  
  
  
Following the very recent expansion by Emperor's Grace into an Imperial system, a suitable industrial location for the production of advanced technology and weapons has been identified. It is deep within Imperial space and protected by forces loyal to Emperor's Grace. The unnamed system presently has production facilities for both Battle Weapons and Personal Weapons.  
  
Grimnir Allvadderung, CEO of Cosmic State's Hammer Arms and Vaarwen Mako Brennus, Leader of Emperor's Grace met in Rishair to inform the media about the exciting developments between Cosmic State and Emperor's Grace. This announcement was immediately overshadowed by the galaxy wide public announcement that the wedding of Emperor Hengist Duval to Florence Lavigny was to proceed as soon as possible.  
  
This historic Royal announcement preceded yet another evening of carousing by the two friends, and large quantities of beer were consumed. The brewer responsible for the consignment of Beer delivered to the celebrations sadly died that evening, having fallen into a vat of malt, allegedly not long after a number of guests complained about the consistency of the beer. An agricultural system is therefore being considered as a potential location to produce mead in Emperor's Grace territory and additional beehives are to be located on the planet's surface.  
  
# Galactic News: Diamond Frogs Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-12-14   
  
The Diamond Frogs have announced that their campaign to construct an installation in the 63 G. Capricorni system has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. This has resulted in a massive influx of deliveries to Skvortsov Orbital, the organisation’s base of operations.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Skvortsov Orbital in the 63 G Capricorni system.  
  
# Galactic News: The Origin of the Pilots Federation  
  
3302-07-29   
  
Continuing our popular series on significant episodes from human history, noted historian Sima Kalhana discusses the foundation of the Pilots Federation.  
  
"The Pilots Federation was established in 2805 in response to a surge in private-starship ownership. It was created principally to allow pilots to share reliable trade-route information, and to provide them with a system of mutual protection against the rising scourge of interstellar piracy.  
  
"At the time, independent pilots were generally mistrusted, the itinerant nature of their profession giving rise to perceptions of irresponsibility. The Pilots Federation's strict code of conduct put an end to this, and over time a galaxy-wide respect for its members emerged.  
  
"As piracy became more prevalent, the Pilots Federation started issuing bounties on known pirate vessels. Some of those outside the organisation condemned the initiative as bloodthirsty, but few were able to argue with the impact it had on piracy. Shortly thereafter, the Pilots Federation introduced an official ranking system to reflect the number of combat victories achieved by each of its members. Pilots who accumulated the largest number of kills were awarded the title of Elite – a citation that became highly coveted among independent pilots.  
  
"The Pilots Federation derives the bulk of its wealth from the GalNet data network. Originally a system of ship, bounty and star-chart data, it evolved into an interstellar aggregator of market information and galactic news. By 3300, the Pilots Federation was not only the dominant provider of this information, it was also the main manufacturer of the hardware and software serving this data. Today, Pilots Federation systems are fitted as standard on virtually all independent starships.  
  
"In 3290 the Pilots Federation expanded its ranking system to encompass the fields of trade and exploration. In 3301 it expanded it again to include pilots who had distinguished themselves in the Close Quarters Combat championships.  
  
"The Pilots Federation has always remained politically neutral, avowing that it exists to support pilots rather than nationalities or political factions. The organisation is based in the Shinrarta Dezhra system, which can be accessed only by invitation. Receiving an invitation is typically dependent on achieving a high rank in the Pilots Federation. This stipulation has contributed to perceptions of the organisation as secretive – a perception compounded by the fact that the Pilots Federation has very little direct interaction with the public.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Mars Tribune Linked to Spy Robots  
  
3304-10-20   
  
The Federal Security Service has targeted The Mars Tribune as part of its investigation into robots carrying concealed surveillance programs.  
  
Lieutenant Inspector Ramesh Thorne made this statement:  
  
"The personal robots of former congressman Morgan Unwin and actor Tomas Turai were found to contain surveillance programs. In recent weeks, both were the subject of incriminating articles published exclusively in The Mars Tribune.  
  
"Public-relations guru Anya Blackriver, also the owner of a 'spy' robot, was recently exposed by the Tribune for concealing various scandals on behalf of her celebrity clients. In fact, all the owners of affected robots live in the Sol system, which is the focus of the Tribune's journalism.  
  
"We are therefore interviewing Tribune staff to establish if they used these robots to gather private data in order to obtain material for exclusive stories.  
  
Legal representatives of the Cordova Group, the conglomerate that owns The Mars Tribune, have challenged the FSS for making 'libellous and baseless accusations'.  
  
# Dignitaries Start Arriving on Capitol  
  
3301-07-24   
  
Dignitaries Start Arriving on Capitol  
  
  
  
In scenes reminiscent of January, dignitaries and guests from the farthest reaches of the Empire have started arriving on Capitol. Already there is a shortage of suitable accommodation for the guests, and various senators are taking advantage of this by providing places to stay for favoured visitors.  
  
While there is a festival atmosphere to the city, many are taking advantage of the influx of influential people to work deals and to make plans for the future. Since the Emperor’s recovery, there has been a marked improvement in the mood of the citizenry as they see this as an end to the uncertainty over the past several months. Security is as tight as ever, and the secure area around the Imperial Palace has been given the nickname ‘the fragrant city’, because of the proliferation of flowers and finery along and around those already opulent boulevards, gardens and buildings.  
  
In a move well received by the populace, Chancellor Anders Blaine has declared that the wedding day will be a public holiday so that all may celebrate along with the Emperor and his family.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Colonia Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-12-14   
  
The Colonia Council has announced that its appeal for construction materials has reached a successful conclusion. Scores of pilots contributed to the campaign by delivering materials to Skvortsov Orbital, and by eliminating agitators in the 63 G. Capricorni system. The materials will be used to construct new outposts in the Colonia region to support a recent influx of immigrants.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, the Colonia Council issued the following statement:  
  
“Colonia has always enjoyed the support of the galactic community, and the success of this initiative proves this support has not diminished. We will now set to work creating homes and employment opportunities for our new friends and neighbours.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Skvortsov Orbital in the 63 G. Capricorni system.  
  
# Galactic News: Jasmina Halsey Returns to Public Life  
  
3302-07-29   
  
At a recent charity event, former Federal president Jasmina Halsey made her first public appearance since she was discharged from a secure psychiatric facility on Mars two weeks ago. The woman seen at the event differed dramatically from the frail individual seen leaving the Clearwater Clinic. Some commented that she appeared even more confident than when she was in office.  
  
After the event, reporters asked President Halsey what she has planned for the future.  
  
"I know that many of you have been perplexed by my recent statements, but having reflected on my experiences, I have accepted that what I saw might not have been literally real. I do believe, however, that the message contained in those experiences is valid, and that I have a duty to share that message.  
  
"As a species we have learned nothing from our history. We plundered the Earth for its treasures, treating it with callous indifference, and now we stumble blindly into space in pursuit of wealth and glory. And all the while we are heedless of the damage we cause.  
  
"We remain a violent species, unable to cooperate, and we are therefore deprived of the prosperity that true peace would bring.  
  
Halsey further surprised reporters by stating that she had recently met with Alliance Prime Minster Edmund Mahon, and that she would soon be relocating to a system within Alliance space.  
  
# The Collective  
  
3304-10-24   
  
Technology journalist Harlow Nassry has published an article in The Federal Times regarding a mysterious criminal group known only as 'the Collective':  
  
"Several recent digital crimes, including the theft of a billion credits from Zachary Rackham, have now been attributed to the Collective. Security forces have launched investigations, but it seems that the name is already well known among hacker communities.  
  
"The Collective is a group of anti-authority 'hacktivists' who believe that all information should be publicly available. It has existed for some years, but until recently its activities have been small scale.  
  
"Nobody knows the identity of the group's members, which has no spokespersons or apparent leaders. As anarchists, they delight in flouting the law, believing that all data should be in the public domain – except, of course, data about themselves.  
  
"Some see the Collective as irresponsible criminals, while others paint them as modern-day Robin Hoods. Either way, as possibly the best hackers in the galaxy, it's likely we'll be hearing more about them in the future.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-07-24   
  
A Week in Powerplay  
  
  
  
It's time for another weekly report on the struggles of the foremost political powers in the galaxy. With ongoing hostilities throughout inhabited space, who has benefitted from the chaos, and who has lost favour?  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval has mustered enough resources to continue expansion despite her focus on the Imperial offensive against the Kumo Crew. Arissa claimed HIP 32812 and Phracani almost entirely unopposed. At the same time, hostile wings have continued to undermine her territory, and while their efforts were largely contained, this disruption helped to push Lavigny-Duval into turmoil.  
  
Aisling Duval claims the #1 spot in galactic rankings this week, after another round of rapid expansion. While Aisling's supporters succeeded in securing her systems against enemy incursions, the effort to claim HIP 95256 was stopped in a surprise opposition push that is variously blamed on either Mahon's pilots or other Imperials.  
  
Zachary Hudson has for several weeks experienced severe efforts to undermine his control, but his supporters have consistently succeeded in fortification. However, while Hudson claimed two new systems, this week the President's enemies successfully undermined Hanggardi, pushing the administration into turmoil.  
  
Felicia Winters saw her efforts to claim HDS 1065 and Potamoi fail, as Federal space continues to see heavy, regular infiltration by hostile Commanders. At the same time, the Shadow President managed to expand her influence to three new systems, and to counter undermining efforts by the means of well-coordinated fortification.  
  
Zemina Torval saw another drop in support this week, reflected in the successful enemy undermining of Tanghpon and the failure of her expansion attempts into HIP 23824 and Mandhrithar. At the same time, remaining Torval associates made good use of their now-limited resources, securing Jamariges and shoring up vulnerable border systems.  
  
Denton Patreus has had his supporters focus their efforts on just one system this week, expanding into Vaka and abandoning attempts elsewhere. This is likely due to many combat pilots pledged to the Senator focusing on the offensive against the Kumo Crew, which continues to take the pressure off Patreus' once-threatened systems.  
  
Edmund Mahon expanded quickly this past week, just as he has for the last month. This allowed him to greatly expand his influence and climb the galactic rankings, but it presents the Alliance politician with a new problem. With Mahon's territory so spread out, fortification efforts are becoming increasingly difficult, and several systems have fallen into chaos following heavy undermining.  
  
Li Yong-Rui has seen a growth both in territory and enemy action similar to Edmund Mahon's and with similar results. A combination of rapid expansion and increased undermining by hostile wings has thrown some of the Sirius Gov’s systems into a state of turmoil. While the situation is not as severe as for Mahon, thanks to extensive fortification, Li Yong-Rui’s troubles as a symptom of the same issues, an increasingly large territory policed by a stretched security force.  
  
Archon Delaine put up a stern defence against the combined Imperial offensive into the Pegasi Sector for the past two weeks, but the first cracks have shown in the pirate crew's fortifications. Half a dozen of Archon's systems, including He Xians and San Muss, have been successfully undermined by Empire-aligned wings. While the pirate crew remains resolute in the face of the massive assault, securing two more systems this week, the pressure seems to only be increasing.  
  
Pranav Antal successfully expanded into HIP 116213 after several failed attempts in the past. Speaking about the system a month ago, the Simguru called the planned new commune "an enlightened defence against the uncivilised horde". This provocative expansion was possible by the peace Utopia continues to see, with their space considered to be, in the recent weeks, one of the safest places in the galaxy, thanks to the relatively small organisation's non-threatening attitude towards its neighbours.  
  
Commander Cadoc  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Colonia Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-12-15   
  
The Colonia Council has announced that its appeal for construction materials has reached a successful conclusion. Scores of pilots contributed to the campaign by delivering materials to Pilkington Orbital, and by eliminating agitators in the Einheriar system. The materials will be used to construct new outposts in the Colonia region to support a recent influx of immigrants.  
  
As the campaign drew to a close, the Colonia Council issued the following statement:  
  
“Colonia has always enjoyed the support of the galactic community, and the success of this initiative proves this support has not diminished. We will now set to work creating homes and employment opportunities for our new friends and neighbours.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Pilkington Orbital in the Einheriar system.  
  
# Galactic News: Edmund Mahon Condemns Imperial-Federal Sabre Rattling  
  
3302-07-30   
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has offered a critical appraisal of the ongoing antagonism between the Empire and the Federation. His comments, delivering during a recent ministerial address, concern the conflict over the organic structures known as barnacles, and the meta-alloys they produce.  
  
The pertinent part of his address is reprinted below:  
  
"Our history contains no shortage of bloodshed. Territory, resources – we have gone to war over these things far too often.  
  
"We have expanded into the cosmos, made a home among the stars, created a civilisation spanning thousands of light years. Have we left our pettiness and greed behind, or have we brought them with us? I believe we are capable of working together to create a truly unified society. But the Empire and the Federation do not appear to share this view.  
  
"I implore my friends in the Empire and the Federation to look beyond their immediate concerns and consider the ramifications of their actions. The organic structures may well be the product of a non-human civilisation. They, and the meta-alloys, should be afforded our protection.  
  
"We could be on the brink of a new era of discovery. This is no time for military posturing.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Mars Tribune Refutes Allegations  
  
3304-10-25   
  
As the Federal Security Service continues its investigation into The Mars Tribune for illegally obtaining the private information of Federal citizens, the newsfeed's parent company, the Cordova Group, has filed a formal complaint.  
  
The FSS has established that the administration robots of dozens of public figures and wealthy individuals have been fitted with hidden surveillance programs, and that these programs may be the source of several scandals exposed, exclusively, by The Mars Tribune.  
  
Kingsley Cordova, billionaire owner of The Mars Tribune, addressed the situation in an editorial:  
  
"These accusations are an insult to our journalistic integrity. Are we to be punished for uncovering liars and criminals? Our readers have always been grateful to us for shining a light into Sol's murky corners.  
  
"I suggest that the FSS treads more cautiously. These robots apparently have access to very sensitive data. Imagine if they publicly broadcasted everything they'd learned about their owners.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-07-24   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week GalNat presents a short list of 10 of the 1,745 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
Union of Calili Free  
  
LHS 1122 United Limited  
  
Jet United Co  
  
Eotienses Citizens' Forum  
  
Kumal Partners  
  
Quaaybuwala Empire League  
  
Wurun Legal Commodities  
  
HERZ 13422 Systems  
  
Partnership of Kalangputys  
  
Revolutionary Zlotrimi Green Party  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Lakon Announces New Ship  
  
3303-12-16   
  
The Alliance has commissioned Lakon Spaceways to produce a new ship in response to the recent Thargoid attacks in the Pleiades. The vessel, which has been named the Type-10 Defender, represents a comprehensive revision of the Type–9 Heavy.  
  
Lakon issued the following statement:  
  
“The Type-10 boasts greater speed, acceleration and manoeuvrability than the Type-9, and also offers a more focused hardpoint loadout. We envisage it being particularly effective in combat situations.”  
  
The development is significant in that it represents the first overtly military response from the Alliance to the rising Thargoid threat.  
  
Lakon has committed to an aggressive production schedule that should see the Type-10 reaching retailers next week.  
  
# Alliance Assembly Revises Presidential Role  
  
3304-10-26   
  
The Alliance Assembly has concluded its debate over President Gibson Kincaid's request for executive powers.  
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon announced the decision:  
  
"The Assembly has voted that President Kincaid's proposed changes to the constitution will not be adopted, and no executive powers will be granted.  
  
"There was broad agreement, however, that the role should be updated, which has resulted in the creation of a new non-political department: the Office of the Alliance President.  
  
"The president will now oversee a team of ambassadorial emissaries who will focus on diplomatic functions. This will free up council members, allowing them to govern more effectively. The presidential term has also been extended to three years.  
  
President Kincaid told the media:  
  
"I regret that the Assembly cannot see how the Alliance would be strengthened by an empowered president, but I must respect their decision, and promise to put my new team of emissaries to good use.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-08-03   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Carns Economic Success  
  
3301-07-24   
  
Carns Economic Success  
  
  
  
Newly promoted Chief Communications Officer Ramon Lamor held an enthusiastic press conference announcing the success of Humason Orbital’s project to upgrade its economy to High Tech.  
  
“This is great news for our future. This economic development will lead to a new era of prosperity for Humason Orbital and the Carns system as a whole.”  
  
When asked about the civic disruption reported in previous weeks, he replied:  
  
“There have been a few and thankfully isolated disruptive elements seeking to keep our fine society in an ever-declining economic state. These individuals have been encouraged to see the error of their ways and are now completely onboard with our grand economic plan.”  
  
# Galactic News: Lakon Announces New Ship  
  
3303-12-16   
  
The Alliance has commissioned Lakon Spaceways to produce a new ship in response to the recent Thargoid attacks in the Pleiades. The vessel, which has been named the Type-10 Defender, represents a comprehensive revision of the Type–9 Heavy.  
  
Lakon issued the following statement:  
  
“The Type-10 boasts greater speed, acceleration and manoeuvrability than the Type-9, and also offers a more focused hardpoint loadout. We envisage it being particularly effective in combat situations.”  
  
The development is significant in that it represents the first overtly military response from the Alliance to the rising Thargoid threat.  
  
Lakon has committed to an aggressive production schedule that should see the Type-10 reaching retailers next week.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-08-03   
  
his report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Fozard Dock, HIP 19934   
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Ramsbottom Hub, Segovan  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28   
  
Ising Dock, 109 Piscium   
  
Jaques Station, Eol Prou RS-T d3-94  
  
Robigo Mines, Robigo  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Saunders's Dive, Wolf 1301  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
# Sirius Corp Makes Public Offer  
  
3304-10-26   
  
The Sirius Corporation has publicly offered to work with engineer Ram Tah in the development of further Guardian-human technology.  
  
Li Yong-Rui, the corporation's chief executive officer, made this statement:  
  
"Ram Tah's research into the Guardians is of central importance to humanity's future, and I would therefore like to place the resources of the Sirius Corporation at his disposal.  
  
"As the recent incident at Phoenix Base illustrates, Ram Tah's operation is currently at risk. Not only can we guarantee his safety, but with our manufacturing capabilities we can bring the benefits of Guardian technology to the whole galaxy.  
  
There has been a range of reactions from business analysts. Some have advised Ram Tah to take advantage of the offer to mass-produce his designs, while others have warned that Sirius Corp is seeking a monopoly over Guardian-human technology.  
  
As yet there has been no response from Ram Tah. Repairs to his base in the Meene system have been completed, following an attempted incursion by armed intruders.  
  
# The Code Leaves Archon Delaine's Crew  
  
3301-07-24   
  
The Code Leaves Archon Delaine's Crew  
  
  
  
Some months ago, Archon approaches Captain Anopheles of The Code and says: 'Ano, you're my kind of guy. Your crew has been making waves as the most successful of all the pirate crews. Come over to me and make an alliance. I have my tech guys making some sweeeeeeeet tech and I'm running my own space. You can be one of my trusted lieutenants if you bring your guys over.  
  
That sounded good, so Anopheles took his boys over to Harma. Discontent started almost immediately when they learnt that running a couple of systems was less about scantily clad slave girls serving you rum and more about being a bureaucrat.  
  
When the new weapon was revealed, that was the last straw for The Code as it wasn’t what they’d expected.  
  
Captain Anopheles met with Archon and they have a frank and lively debate with added knives. The Code gave him two weeks for things to get better. Arechon refused to change for them, so The Code left.  
  
The Code are going back to basics and going to be roaming the space lanes as "independent asset redistributors". In short, they have left the desk behind and have picked up their grappling hooks again.  
  
# Galactic News: Lakon Announces New Ship  
  
3303-12-17   
  
The Alliance has commissioned Lakon Spaceways to produce a new ship in response to the recent Thargoid attacks in the Pleiades. The vessel, which has been named the Type-10 Defender, represents a comprehensive revision of the Type–9 Heavy.  
  
Lakon issued the following statement:  
  
“The Type-10 boasts greater speed, acceleration and manoeuvrability than the Type-9, and also offers a more focused hardpoint loadout. We envisage it being particularly effective in combat situations.”  
  
The development is significant in that it represents the first overtly military response from the Alliance to the rising Thargoid threat.  
  
Lakon has committed to an aggressive production schedule that should see the Type-10 reaching retailers next week.  
  
# Freelance Report: Children of Liberty Criticize Mahon  
  
3302-08-04   
  
The organization known as the Children of Liberty has issued a statement criticizing Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon for his recent remarks concerning the supposed failings of the Federation and Empire.  
  
"Prime Minister Mahon has denounced the 'pettiness and greed' of his political rivals, but he tolerates those same sins among many of the Alliance's own member systems. He wishes to create 'a truly unified society', yet he tolerates ideologies within the Alliance's own borders that are irreconcilably opposed to one another! According to a study published in 3301, over 213 million Alliance citizens live under the rule of explicitly authoritarian governments. How can a galactic power that purports to value harmony and self-determination allow a member system to oppress its own citizens?  
  
The missive, though critical, does conclude on a note of accord:  
  
"Despite our political disagreements, we believe Prime Minister Mahon is absolutely right to call for protection of the barnacles. The rampant exploitation of these structures is not only reckless, it may even be dangerous. Until we know more about their origin and purpose, we should treat the barnacles with respect...and a healthy dose of caution.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-10-27   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
The Alliance Assembly has decided not to adopt President Gibson Kincaid's proposed changes to the constitution, and has ruled against imbuing the role of president with executive powers. The Assembly has agreed to update the role, however, with the creation of a new non-political department known as the Office of the Alliance President. The presidential term has also been extended to three years.  
  
The Sirius Corporation has publicly offered to work with engineer Ram Tah in the development of further Guardian-human technology. Some business analysts have advised Ram Tah to take advantage of the offer to mass-produce his designs, while others have warned that Sirius Corp is seeking a monopoly over Guardian-human technology. As yet there has been no response from Ram Tah.  
  
Several digital crimes, including the theft of a billion credits from Zachary Rackham, have now been attributed to a mysterious criminal organisation known only as the Collective – a band of anti-authority 'hacktivists' who believe that all information should be publicly available. Security forces have launched investigations into the group.  
  
Meanwhile, as the Federal Security Service continues its investigation into The Mars Tribune, the newsfeed's parent company, the Cordova Group, has filed a formal complaint. Kingsley Cordova, billionaire owner of The Mars Tribune, said the accusations were an insult to the publication's integrity.  
  
Imperial Senator Caspian Leopold has launched an appeal to help those affected by Thargoid attacks. While the senator's rehabilitation centre has helped hundreds of thousands of refugees, it seems further aid is needed to avert a humanitarian crisis.  
  
Finally, the Palin Institute's appeal for Thargoid materials has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Professor Cora Shaw thanked those who supported the institute's latest scientific initiative, which will aim to advance understanding of the Thargoids.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Operation Davy Jones - Frontline report  
  
3301-07-24   
  
Operation Davy Jones - Frontline report  
  
  
  
It has been over two weeks since the Kumo Crew's attempted expansion into the Imperial system of Cuchua was answered with 'Operation Davy Jones’. With Imperial Commanders combining their efforts to contain and eventually wipe out the pirate organisation, the Pegasi Sector has been under siege. With an end to the conflict nowhere in sight, we asked Commanders on both sides for their views on the offensive and their forces' efforts.  
  
Commander Stateira "Starcloak" Eleshenar, aligned with Senator Patreus, said: "It has been a slow start in the Pegasi Sector, but the offensive is just gearing up. Our ultimate aim is not only to free Imperial citizens from unlawful bondage, but to liberate all persons held in branded slavery by the Kumo Crew.  
  
Her sentiment was echoed by Commander Corrigendum of Lavigny's Legion: "Since the first wave of Operation Davy Jones, Archon's forces have been routed from Imperial space. Some milestones were not met as anticipated, but we anticipate greater results as the full might of the Imperial fleet is brought to bear.  
  
In keeping with those statements, the Imperial offensive shows no signs of relenting, with heavy clashes in the systems of Anedjete, Sopontet and Huichi, amongst others . While the Kumo Crew continues to rule some 5.6 billion Imperial citizens, attempts to conquer more Imperial systems have been countered. However, the pirates' stern resistance to Imperial undermining of their territory has given many of their pilots a boost of confidence.  
  
In a brief interview, Commander GluttonyFang, one of the pirates coordinating the Kumo Crew's efforts against the Empire, said: "What we lack in number we make up with our indomitable spirit to fight against imperial oppression. The Kumo Crew will not relinquish its grip on the galaxy. Even if our mortal vessels fail us, we'll haunt our enemies with the wrath of our spirit.  
  
Commanders on both sides appear to agree on one thing: that the fate of the Pegasi Sector will be decided in battle. In response to a question about the possibility of a diplomatic settlement, Commander Corrigendum said: "The Empire refuses to negotiate with any who hold its people captive. Our people will be set at liberty or their captors will face annihilation." With Archon Delaine continuing to defy Imperial demands, it would seem peace is a distant prospect for the once-quiet Pegasi Sector.  
  
Commander Cadoc  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Lakon Announces New Ship  
  
3303-12-17   
  
The Alliance has commissioned Lakon Spaceways to produce a new ship in response to the recent Thargoid attacks in the Pleiades. The vessel, which has been named the Type-10 Defender, represents a comprehensive revision of the Type–9 Heavy.  
  
Lakon issued the following statement:  
  
“The Type-10 boasts greater speed, acceleration and manoeuvrability than the Type-9, and also offers a more focused hardpoint loadout. We envisage it being particularly effective in combat situations.”  
  
The development is significant in that it represents the first overtly military response from the Alliance to the rising Thargoid threat.  
  
Lakon has committed to an aggressive production schedule that should see the Type-10 reaching retailers next week.  
  
# Community Goal: Ambika in Need  
  
3302-08-04   
  
Authorities in the Ambika system have reported that the region is in the grip of a severe famine. All efforts to shore up agricultural markets have failed, and the food shortage has even triggered bouts of civil unrest. A tentative relief effort has begun, but the convoys attempting to bring aid to the people of Ambika are being targeted by opportunist pirates.  
  
In response to this development, the Union Party of Ambika has launched a two-pronged initiative, focused on bringing relief to the people of Ambika and neutralising the agitators operating in the system. The organisation has promised to reward pilots who deliver the foods to Goulart City, and has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in Ambika.  
  
The campaign begins on the 4th of August 3302 and will run for one week. If the final targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# No Leads in Fazia Silva Case  
  
3304-10-31   
  
The investigation into the death of Alliance presidential candidate Fazia Silva has concluded. No convictions have been made.  
  
Inspector Erin Sangster of Alliance Interpol made this statement:  
  
"The death of Fazia Silva has been officially ruled as homicide. The use of a sophisticated nerve toxin and the circumvention of security at Hume Orbital suggests the involvement of one or more professional assassins.  
  
"Unfortunately, we have now exhausted all possible avenues of investigation, and are left with no option but to consider the case closed.  
  
President Gibson Kincaid told the media:  
  
"I have no doubt that the murder of Ms Silva was designed to disrupt our democracy, and I will not rest until the Alliance's enemies pay for their crimes.  
  
Tashmira Silva has now assumed permanent control of her late sister's corporate empire.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Meet the Powers – Aisling Duval  
  
3301-07-24   
  
Meet the Powers – Aisling Duval  
  
  
  
In this new series, exclusive to GalNet, the popular political commentator Marcus Macmillan looks at some of the movers and shakers in 3301. In this first article he examines the life of the popular darling of Imperial politics: Princess Aisling Duval.  
  
Aisling Duval is Prince Harold’s eldest child, but has gained a substantial following on her merits. She appears to be a canny operator, although many would argue that her advisors provide her with a veneer of acumen. She is young at only 25, and very visible in the media. Her claim to the throne is technically nullified by the fact that her parents were not married, but her claim is no weaker than some of the other contenders.  
  
The people’s princess (as she is sometimes known) is extremely popular with many citizens, clients and patrons. She regularly appears on lightweight chat shows, but tends to avoid anything where she might have to face tough questions.  
  
At heart Aisling is a populist, taking many of her views from the public mood. She splits her time between managing her brand from Cemiess, and spending time with her father in Achenar. Her mother died of a drugs overdose when she was young which, combined with her father’s unfortunate legacy from a hedonistic life, has left Aisling with a passion for helping those whose lives have taken a turn for the worse.  
  
Despite her youth, she enjoys considerable support from the people and also from elements who would benefit from shaking up Imperial society.  
  
# Galactic News: Authorities Urge Public Not to Panic  
  
3303-12-20   
  
Following the devastating news that the Thargoids have attacked three starports in the Pleiades, authorities in the Taygeta system, home to one of the affected stations, have released the following statement:  
  
“Our priorities remain getting civilians to safety and securing the commodities we need to stabilise the starport. Independent pilots are encouraged to deliver foods, water, basic medicines and natural fabrics to Titan’s Daughter and other affected stations.”  
  
“The important thing is not to panic. The situation, although critical, is in hand.”  
  
It is currently unclear why the pertinent starports were targeted by the Thargoids, but Aegis is investigating the issue.  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Appeal Comes to an End  
  
3302-08-04   
  
The Empire's recent request for meta-alloys has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, which has delivered large quantities of the rare material to Axon Station in the Zagoro system. A spokesperson for the Zagoro Imperial Society, which coordinated the appeal, confirmed that hundreds of Imperial-aligned pilots had contributed to the campaign. In a statement, the spokesperson said:  
  
"The Empire sincerely thanks you for your service, but this is merely the first step in ensuring that the Federal monopoly on this material does not continue unopposed. We cannot rest yet.  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Rise of Nova Imperium  
  
3304-11-01   
  
A radical group called Nova Imperium is gaining influence throughout the Empire.  
  
Imperial Herald journalist Cassia Carvalho highlighted the situation:  
  
"Nova Imperium claims that to survive the Thargoid conflict, the Empire must sever contact with all other systems and concentrate on protecting itself. In recent months, the organisation has become a genuine political force.  
  
"The group's leader is known only as the Imperator. Dressed in an Imperial Navy uniform, he is a charismatic presence who speaks of 'a return to the honour of the old days' and 'the glory of Achenar'.  
  
"Many traditionalist citizens, unhappy with recent cross-superpower cooperation, have embraced the Imperator's rhetoric. On several worlds, Nova Imperium's followers hold rallies with a distinctly martial feel.  
  
"So far there has been little response from Imperial authorities, but it is clear that Nova Imperium will soon become impossible to ignore.  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Sirius Corporation – The First of the Mega-corporations  
  
3301-07-24   
  
The Sirius Corporation – The First of the Mega-corporations  
  
  
  
In this latest edition of GalNet’s series relating key points in human history, popular historian Sima Kalhana addresses the rise of the first mega-corporation.  
  
Apart from a few isolated backwater systems, the presence of mega-corporations is ubiquitous throughout civilised space. Massive as many of these organisations are, none of them compare to the wealth and influence of the Sirius Corporation.  
  
The rise of the largest corporation in history started in 2339 when the Sirius Corporation launched the first completely corporate colonial mission arrived in the Sirius star system. The continual state of conflict between the Federation and the Empire catapulted the Sirius Corporation into an economic powerhouse as they became the lead supplier of fuel, then later drives and other technologies.  
  
Within a century, its products were integrated into military and civilian production. It also developed an envied trusted status with both superpowers and indeed supplied both sides during their conflicts. This in part was due to strict information restriction protocols and an open promise that it would favour neither side during any conflict.  
  
The Sirius Corporation developed its own code of strict laws to ensure fair dealing as well as the good governance of its workforce. Its influence reached such a state that the so-called ‘Sirius Convention’ was applied not just during deals with the corporation, but between independent systems as well.  
  
Throughout the years, fuel and drive production has remained their core business, although judicious expansion into other markets has driven its astronomical growth. The Sirius Corporation now operates several product-oriented divisions including: Sirius Catering, Sirius Mining, Sirius Power, Sirius Luxury Transports, Sirius Industrial and Sirius Atmospherics. Most recently they launched a new venture, Sirius Gov, to provide governmental services for population management on all scales.  
  
Its history has been marked with some failures, most notable of which is the Antares incident which I will examine in the next article. However, its successes have far exceeded those failures and the Sirius Corporation remains the most powerful corporation in known space.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Core Dynamics Campaign  
  
3303-12-21   
  
Core Dynamics, one of the galaxy's largest starship manufacturers, has announced a new construction initiative in response to the rise in Thargoid attacks.  
  
A spokesperson for Core Dynamics released the following statement:  
  
"The number of ships lost to Thargoid attacks is increasing rapidly, leaving us with no option but to accelerate our production schedule. But we cannot do this without the support of the galactic community.  
  
Guaras Blue Creative Partners have agreed to oversee the initiative, asking pilots to deliver titanium, power converters and superconductors to Klimuk Ring in the Guaras system. When the campaign officially ends on the 28th of December 3303, a discount of up to 20 per cent will be applied to the Federal Dropship, Federal Gunship and Federal Assault Ship for one week. Additionally, the rank requirements for those ships will be temporarily lifted.  
  
The campaign begins on the 21st of December 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Campaign Comes to an End  
  
3302-08-04   
  
A spokesperson for the Future of Segovan has announced that the Federation's appeal for construction materials has come to an end. Thousands of tonnes of material were delivered to Obsidian Orbital this week, which will be used to construct a new outpost on HIP 17225 A 1. In a brief statement, the spokesperson thanked those who had contributed to the initiative:  
  
"The Federal pilots who supported this campaign have performed a great service. The new outpost will provide the Federation with a valuable trade and resource-processing hub. You have made the Federation proud.  
  
The campaign attracted no small measure of controversy, however, with the Federation's opponents claiming that it represented a further attempt to control access to the non-human structures known as barnacles, a number of which are located on HIP 17225 A 1. One Imperial pilot, speaking on condition of anonymity, made the following statement to the Imperial Herald:  
  
"The Federation wants to control the flow of meta-alloys, pure and simple. That's why they entered Merope, and that's why they're building this new outpost. And as for their claim that they're protecting the barnacles...well, does anyone really believe that anymore?  
  
## Federation  
  
# Conflict in Geras  
  
3304-11-01   
  
Recent reports from the Geras system indicate that after a spate of reciprocal attacks, hostilities between Geras First and Ndozins State Inc have escalated into all-out war.  
  
According to Donal Varden, an independent journalist:  
  
"For several months we've seen these factions sniping at one another from the shadows, but now the stakes have been raised. It won't be long before the space lanes of Geras are littered with the burned-out shells of dead ships.  
  
The warring organisations have issued calls to independent combat pilots for support. Commanders who participate in the conflict will be generously rewarded by their chosen faction.  
  
Both factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 1st of November 3304.  
  
# Meet the Powers – Arissa Lavigny-Duval  
  
3301-07-27   
  
Meet the Powers – Arissa Lavigny-Duval  
  
  
  
Continuing this GalNet exclusive series, political commentator Marcus Macmillan writes his opinion of some of the movers and shakers in 3301. In this second article he looks at one of the most respected women in Imperial politics: Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval .  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval’s success as a senator often eclipses the fact that as the daughter of the late Prince Aristide de Lavigny, she is also a princess by birth. It says much of her character that she prefers to represent herself with her achievements rather than just her bloodline. In Imperial politics, of course, having the right bloodline is also an asset and she is astute enough to make use of it when she needs to.  
  
In popularity she rivals Princess Aisling Duval, partly because she is happy to tackle hard issues head on. Her primary platform is one of honour and she devotes much of her attention to tackling corruption. She is a familiar face in the Imperial court and her views often reflect those of the Emperor. The planned wedding between Emperor Hengist Duval and her mother, Florence Lavigny, will secure her position as next in line if anything should befall the Emperor.  
  
# Galactic News: Type-10 Defender Now Available  
  
3303-12-21   
  
Lakon Spaceways has announced that its new ship, the Type-10 Defender, is now available to the public.  
  
The vessel boasts greater speed, acceleration and manoeuvrability than the Type-9 Heavy on which it is based, and also offers a more focused hardpoint loadout.  
  
The Type-10 has been developed primarily in response to the recent Thargoid attacks in the Pleiades, and Lakon has said it envisages the ship “being particularly effective in combat situations”.  
  
# Appeal for Aid Complete  
  
3304-11-01   
  
Senator Caspian Leopold has announced that his appeal for aid, in association with the Niflhel Guardians Of Tradition, has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering commodities to Biruni Port, and by protecting traders in the Niflhel system.  
  
A spokesperson for Senator Leopold made the following statement:  
  
"Thanks to the work of many brave pilots, a humanitarian crisis has been narrowly averted. Senator Leopold has expressed his gratitude to all those who contributed to the campaign, and has assured refugees at his rehabilitation centre that new homes will be found for each and every one of them.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Biruni Port in the Niflhel system.  
  
# Community Goal: Boosting the Federal Fleet  
  
3302-08-04   
  
As the antagonism between the Federation and the Empire continues to simmer, the Federation has announced plans to expand its Navy with three new Farragut-class Battlecruisers. The development follows a recent initiative to add three new capital ships to the Imperial fleet.  
  
In a statement, Federal President Zachary Hudson spoke candidly about the motivation behind the campaign.  
  
"We live in uncertain times, and we are on the brink of an uncertain future. When I speak to the people of the Federation, I want to be able to promise them that their homes and families are safe. By contributing to this campaign, you can help me keep that promise.  
  
The Federation has placed an open order for autofabricators, tantalum and superconductors for use in the construction, and has authorised the Workers of Gooheimar Alliance to reward pilots who deliver the requested materials to Brady Horizons in the Gooheimar system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 4th of August 3302 and will run for one week. If the Federation's targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Angeli Imperial Enterprises Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-12-21   
  
A spokesperson for Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced that its appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Potagos Port, the organisation’s base of operations. The materials will be used to build a Dionysus-class Agricultural Vessel in support of ongoing resource-extraction operations in the Pleiades.  
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Potagos Port in the Wangal system.  
  
# Plague Fighters  
  
3301-07-27   
  
Plague Fighters  
  
  
  
In response to the devastating Cerberus Plague outbreak on the frontier, the Dukes of Mikunn have mobilized their members, the Mercenaries of Mikunn, to affected systems in an attempt to assist local governments in quelling the plagues.  
  
Having faced a plague similar to that affecting current star systems for weeks, the massive amount of stockpiled medicine will now be moved to affected systems along with medical scientists in hopes of finding the source of the plague. Fighter wings have also been scrambled to provide safe passage for pilots carrying medicine and to enforce quarantine on local citizens.  
  
When asked about the extreme measures they are employing the younger brother of the Dukes, Caius, stated:   
  
"When we had to deal with the infamous plague of HR 7327 our thoughts went to the people first and foremost, but by not locking down the system and enforcing quarantine the plague had spread to all nearby systems. For weeks we dealt with the same plague in Mikunn, Sukua and Sefry's on top of HR 7327. It was then that we realized that enforcing quarantine would benefit the people more than not enforcing one. The current spread of the epidemic is due to the failure of the powers to act in the best interest of their own people.  
  
Mercenary wings are expected to arrive later today and will remain within the affected systems until the outbreak has been dealt with.  
  
Commander Exil  
  
# Galactic News: Jaques Station Making a Comeback  
  
3302-08-04   
  
It has been two weeks since Jaques, the owner and operator of Jaques Station, issued an appeal for commodities to repair his beleaguered starport. Since then, scores of pilots from across the galaxy have made the long journey to the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system to deliver tantalum, power generators and other materials to Jaques.  
  
Although the campaign is scheduled to run for two more weeks, Jaques has confirmed that the materials received so far have allowed starport personnel to restore some of the station's facilities.  
  
"The moment supplies started arriving our teams were hard at work, making repairs and restoring facilities. So I'm very pleased to announce that we can now offer our guests refuelling, restocking, repair and outfitting services, as well as the option to purchase limpets and mining equipment from our commodities market.  
  
"But we're not out of the woods yet! We still need more material if we're going to give the old girl a clean bill of health.  
  
# Ram Tah Rejects Sirius Corp  
  
3304-11-02   
  
The engineer Ram Tah has rejected an offer from the Sirius Corporation to support the manufacture of Guardian-human technology.  
  
In a public statement, he said:  
  
"These technologies, developed using principles discovered by the Guardians, are too important to become corporate products. I have no doubt that Sirius would aim for maximum profits, rather than using the knowledge to aid humanity.  
  
"Using tech brokers to distribute the designs allows them to be widely available, and thanks to the generosity of Aegis, the tech brokers' costs have been reduced, making Guardian-human fighters and systems more affordable.  
  
Li Yong-Rui, CEO of Sirius Corporation, has stated that his offer remains open, and that he hopes Ram Tah will have a change of heart.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Campaign Reaches Successful Conclusion  
  
3303-12-21   
  
A spokesperson for the GalCop Colonial Defence Commission has announced that its appeal for construction materials has been earnestly received by the galactic community, resulting in a huge number of deliveries to Dervish Platform, the organisation’s base of operations. The materials will be used to build a new Coriolis starport in the Ogmar system.  
  
The GalCop Colonial Defence Commission has offered sincere thanks to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Dervish Platform in the Ogmar system.  
  
# Federation Secession Crisis  
  
3301-07-27   
  
Federation Secession Crisis  
  
  
  
Debate continues to rage in local governments throughout the Pegasi sector over Senator Lavigny-Duval's invitation to become Imperial citizens. The debate has reached a fevered pitch in some systems.  
  
"Our petitions for assistance from the Federation have fallen on deaf ears for months now. I’m tired of the demonizing epithets cast at “Imperial slavers” while Federation citizens are being forcibly carried away into slavery by the Kumo Crew. Hudson and Winters are nothing but spineless cowards and hypocrites,” spat the enraged governor of the Wudjal system. “The Wudjal system is home to more Federation citizens than the entire Imperial population occupied by the Kumo Crew. Until the Federation honours its commitments to us, we will not send a single credit to Sol. I recommend that every governor in the Pegasi sector open an Imperial embassy. At least Imperial citizenship means something.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Dr Arcanonn Appeals for Help  
  
3302-08-05   
  
The image transmitted by the mysterious Unknown Probes is still a mystery. But while the image occupies his teams, Dr Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group believes there is more to discover about the Probes themselves. The problem is supply.  
  
"The only known sources of Unknown Probes are Federal military convoys in the Ross 47, G 99-49, Wolf 294 and Wolf 504 systems.  
  
"The Federal military apparently knows where the Probes can be found, but they're keeping it a secret, so it's up to us to lift the veil.  
  
"Since Unknown Artefacts are found in a 135-150 light year shell around Merope, we believe the probes are in a similar region – possibly even the same region. We also think they will be found in anomalous signal sources, the same as the Artefacts.  
  
"So please help science, and break the Federal monopoly on these Probes. It could be the most important thing you ever do.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-11-03   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
The investigation into the death of Alliance presidential candidate Fazia Silva has concluded with no convictions. Alliance Interpol confirmed that Silva's death was a homicide, but said that all avenues of investigation had been exhausted. Tashmira Silva has now assumed control of her late sister's corporate empire.  
  
A radical group called Nova Imperium is gaining influence throughout the Empire. The organisation claims that to survive the Thargoid conflict, the Empire must sever contact with all other systems and concentrate on protecting itself. Many traditionalist citizens, unhappy with recent cross-superpower cooperation, have embraced the group's rhetoric.  
  
Meanwhile, the engineer Ram Tah has rejected an offer from the Sirius Corporation to support the manufacture of Guardian-human technology. In a statement, Ram Tah said the technologies were too important to become corporate products, and reaffirmed that using tech brokers to distribute the designs allowed them to be widely available.  
  
In other news, the Federal Security Service has abruptly terminated its investigation of The Mars Tribune regarding personal administration robots fitted with hidden surveillance programs. It has been alleged that a senior figure in the FSS ordered the task force to focus elsewhere.  
  
Recent reports from the Geras system indicate that after a spate of reciprocal attacks, hostilities between the Geras First and the Ndozins State Inc have escalated into all-out war. The warring organisations have issued calls to independent combat pilots for support. Commanders who participate in the conflict will be generously rewarded by their chosen faction.  
  
Finally, Senator Caspian Leopold has announced that his appeal for aid has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. A spokesperson for the senator said that a humanitarian crisis had been narrowly averted, while assuring refugees at Leopold's rehabilitation centre that new homes would be found for each and every one of them.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Is Arissa Lavigny-Duval Next in Line?  
  
3301-07-28   
  
Is Arissa Lavigny-Duval Next in Line?  
  
  
  
With the wedding of her mother and the Emperor due to take in place in just over a week’s time, it now looks certain that Arissa Lavigny-Duval will become heir apparent to the throne. When asked about this during the Imperial Herald political special show about the upcoming wedding, she said:  
  
“Like all Imperial citizens I am overjoyed at the Emperor’s recovery from his coma. As a close member of the family, I was of course kept in the loop concerning his condition and we all expected that he would make a full recovery.”  
  
In a breach of etiquette for what was supposed to be a light-hearted programme, the reporter pressed for a more direct answer. With regal dignity Arissa Lavigny-Duval replied:  
  
“We are only days from the Emperor returning to the public stage. Trying to debate about what might occur if he were to die in these intervening days is both rude and disrespectful of our Emperor. I look forward to many years in service of Emperor Hengist Duval in whatever capacity he deems appropriate.”  
  
The live online audience booed the commentator and applauded her response.  
  
# Community Goal: Core Dynamics Campaign  
  
3303-12-22   
  
Core Dynamics, one of the galaxy's largest starship manufacturers, has announced a new construction initiative in response to the rise in Thargoid attacks.  
  
A spokesperson for Core Dynamics released the following statement:  
  
"The number of ships lost to Thargoid attacks is increasing rapidly, leaving us with no option but to accelerate our production schedule. But we cannot do this without the support of the galactic community.  
  
Guaras Blue Creative Partners have agreed to oversee the initiative, asking pilots to deliver titanium, power converters and superconductors to Klimuk Ring in the Guaras system. When the campaign officially ends on the 28th of December 3303, a discount of up to 20 per cent will be applied to the Federal Dropship, Federal Gunship and Federal Assault Ship for one week. Additionally, the rank requirements for those ships will be temporarily lifted.  
  
The campaign begins on the 21st of December 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Curious Developments in Tionisla  
  
3302-08-05   
  
For the first time in over a hundred years, a new ship has been added to the Tionisla Orbital Graveyard. Established in the 3100s, the mausoleum was originally a resting place for the rich and famous, but in the economic slump that befell the Old Worlds during that period, the graveyard fell into disuse.  
  
With many of its relics vandalised or looted, it came as something of a surprise when the Tionisla government received a request to inter a recently deceased Commander.  
  
Despite the unusual circumstances, the government of Tionisla processed the application with surprising swiftness, prompting speculation that the individual may have been some kind of celebrity.  
  
Just before the vessel was moved to its final resting place, an onboard beacon briefly activated, transmitting a repeating sequence of curious characters. This continued for a few minutes until a power failure silenced it. The message read "OTSEAFOTSEAF". The significance of the transmission, if any, is unclear.  
  
"I wouldn't worry about it," said Grace Mayweather of the Tionisla government. "We see this sort of thing all the time. It's just a last bit of mischief from the recently deceased. Tricks, codes – sometimes even traps for the unwary. People go mad trying to work these things out, but they never mean anything.  
  
The identity of the Commander in question is not known, but the ship was identified as an antique Cobra Mk III with the unusual hull registry of 'Cor meum et animam'.  
  
# Spy Robot Investigation Redirected  
  
3304-11-03   
  
The Federal Security Service has abruptly terminated its investigation of The Mars Tribune regarding personal administration robots fitted with hidden surveillance programs.  
  
Although interviews with Tribune employees were underway, it has been alleged that a senior figure in the FSS ordered the task force to focus elsewhere.  
  
The Tribune's owner, billionaire Kingsley Cordova, stated:  
  
"I'm pleased that our innocence has been accepted, and I'm confident that the guilty parties will soon be found.  
  
An opinion piece in The Federal Times from chief editor Lena Ravenhill took an alternative view, however:  
  
"Last week, Cordova suggested the spy robots could share the many secrets they've gathered, and suddenly the FSS is ordered to leave The Mars Tribune alone. Does anyone really think this is coincidence? How many powerful people are frightened of what Cordova might reveal about them?  
  
# Meet the Powers – Edmund Mahon  
  
3301-07-28   
  
Meet the Powers – Edmund Mahon  
  
  
  
Continuing this GalNet exclusive series, political commentator Marcus Macmillan writes about some of the movers and shakers in 3301. In this third article he looks at Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon.  
  
Politicians from the Federation and Empire often underestimate their counterparts in the Alliance. This is in part due to their relative sizes, since of the three superpowers the Alliance is by far the smallest and least powerful. However, it should be remembered that the Alliance was born from defeating both the Federation and the Empire on Alioth, a topic I’m certain the esteemed Sima Kalhana will cover in her Sunday posting sometime soon. The other superpowers also see the Alliance’s complex interlocking of systems, committees and power-sharing as a limit on the Prime Minister’s influence.  
  
Edmund Mahon is a career politician and knows the Alliance political system well. He has a strong academic background as well as a lifetime of service. While some of his counterparts lacked leadership or the ability to drive the disparate elements of the Alliance, he is known to be able to work within the system and actually get things done.  
  
Some would argue, and I count myself among them, that Mahon is probably the greatest leader the Alliance has seen since its inception. He isn’t much to look at, but his drab exterior belies a cunning mind and a will for the Alliance to bring its values to more systems. He is also an expert at ensuring that the concerns of individual systems are properly represented within the Alliance, something that is seen as very attractive for new member systems.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Type-10 Defender Now Available  
  
3303-12-22   
  
Lakon Spaceways has announced that its new ship, the Type-10 Defender, is now available to the public.  
  
The vessel boasts greater speed, acceleration and manoeuvrability than the Type-9 Heavy on which it is based, and also offers a more focused hardpoint loadout.  
  
The Type-10 has been developed primarily in response to the recent Thargoid attacks in the Pleiades, and Lakon has said it envisages the ship “being particularly effective in combat situations”.  
  
# Freelance Report: Fuel Rats Announce Plans for New Outpost  
  
3302-08-05   
  
Earlier today, the Fuel Rats Mischief announced plans for an extraction outpost near Jaques Station.  
  
"We've been considering such a base for quite a while now. Originally the idea was to set up near Sagittarius A* since it's one of the regions most visited by explorers. The biggest challenge was always supplying the station with commodities like food and spare parts. Being near Jaques Station will solve this problem since it's equipped with a habitation ring, and because it's a destination for a steady stream of supply ships.  
  
Asked if the fact that Jaques Station is already serving as a base would render such an operation pointless, the Fuel Rats spokesperson answered:  
  
"We fully expect Jaques to continue his journey at some point, and since his station simply can't produce enough fuel to make that possible, sooner or later an outpost will be necessary.  
  
Commander Rebecca Hail  
  
# Mercenary Incursion in Meene  
  
3304-11-07   
  
A mercenary group has been intercepted by security forces in the Meene system.  
  
Security Chief Harper Vargas of the Meene Defence Force reported:  
  
"Six hours ago, our forces were attacked by a small fleet belonging to a known mercenary group. Fortunately, we were able to defeat them before they could do serious damage.  
  
"There is no doubt that the mercenaries' primary target was Phoenix Base. We suspect that this incident is connected to an attempted raid on the base that was repelled a few weeks ago.  
  
Li Yong-Rui, CEO of Sirius Corporation, addressed the incident:  
  
"I'm relieved that the attack was foiled, but this only demonstrates how precarious Ram Tah's situation is. I urge him to accept my offer to work with the Sirius Corporation – not only for his own safety, but also to safeguard future Guardian-human technologies.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-07-28   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
The following are 10 of the 355 minor factions are in lockdown:  
  
Haroingori Co  
  
Korovii Free  
  
United Carnoeck for Equality  
  
Lie Zip Blue Clan  
  
Huaich Constitution Party  
  
Mandhrithar Services  
  
Fengalufon Gang  
  
Progressive Party of LHS 142  
  
San Tu State Network  
  
Sokn allied  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can reduce the lockdown period.  
  
These are 10 of the 738 minor factions are experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Labour of GCRV 2743  
  
Confederation of LP 355-51  
  
Mafia of Fyrly  
  
Crew of Cupen  
  
Calennero Crew  
  
Mafia of Ling Deti  
  
Yao Tzu Exchange  
  
Juipedi Purple Crew  
  
Uadjarii Nobles  
  
Movement for Gorringa Independents  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Angeli Imperial Enterprises Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-12-22   
  
A spokesperson for Angeli Imperial Enterprises has announced that its appeal for commodities has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Potagos Port, the organisation’s base of operations. The materials will be used to build a Dionysus-class Agricultural Vessel in support of ongoing resource-extraction operations in the Pleiades.  
  
Angeli Imperial Enterprises has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Potagos Port in the Wangal system.  
  
# Community Goal: Boosting the Federal Fleet  
  
3302-08-05   
  
As the antagonism between the Federation and the Empire continues to simmer, the Federation has announced plans to expand its Navy with three new Farragut-class Battlecruisers. The development follows a recent initiative to add three new capital ships to the Imperial fleet.  
  
In a statement, Federal President Zachary Hudson spoke candidly about the motivation behind the campaign.  
  
"We live in uncertain times, and we are on the brink of an uncertain future. When I speak to the people of the Federation, I want to be able to promise them that their homes and families are safe. By contributing to this campaign, you can help me keep that promise.  
  
The Federation has placed an open order for autofabricators, tantalum and superconductors for use in the construction, and has authorised the Workers of Gooheimar Alliance to reward pilots who deliver the requested materials to Brady Horizons in the Gooheimar system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 4th of August 3302 and will run for one week. If the Federation's targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# FSS Agent Suspended  
  
3304-11-08   
  
Lieutenant Inspector Ramesh Thorne, who has been leading an investigation into The Mars Tribune, has been suspended from the Federal Security Service.  
  
A spokesperson for the FSS released the following statement:  
  
"We have suspended Lieutenant Inspector Thorne from active duty, effective immediately. His investigation is officially terminated.  
  
The announcement came less than an hour after Thorne made the following public appeal:  
  
"We have evidence that the admin robots fitted with surveillance programs are connected to exclusive stories obtained by The Mars Tribune. Since my superiors are unwilling to pursue this, I am appealing to anyone with relevant information to come forward. I can guarantee them immunity from prosecution.  
  
Many media including Lena Ravenhill, chief editor of The Federal Times, reacted with outrage to the news:  
  
"It's clear that someone in the FSS is feeling threatened, and that The Mars Tribune has used spy robots to feed the scandals it thrives on. We are highlighting Ramesh Thorne's appeal, as are many other newsfeeds taking a stand against corrupt journalism.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Campaign Reaches Successful Conclusion  
  
3303-12-22   
  
A spokesperson for the GalCop Colonial Defence Commission has announced that its appeal for construction materials has been earnestly received by the galactic community, resulting in a huge number of deliveries to Dervish Platform, the organisation’s base of operations. The materials will be used to build a new Coriolis starport in the Ogmar system.  
  
The GalCop Colonial Defence Commission has offered sincere thanks to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Dervish Platform in the Ogmar system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-07-29   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT) the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period to assemble the latest data.  
  
Any pilots who operate for any of the powers should ensure that they deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time for their activities to be registered.  
  
# Community Goal: Ambika in Need  
  
3302-08-05   
  
Authorities in the Ambika system have reported that the region is in the grip of a severe famine. All efforts to shore up agricultural markets have failed, and the food shortage has even triggered bouts of civil unrest. A tentative relief effort has begun, but the convoys attempting to bring aid to the people of Ambika are being targeted by opportunist pirates.  
  
In response to this development, the Union Party of Ambika has launched a two-pronged initiative, focused on bringing relief to the people of Ambika and neutralising the agitators operating in the system. The organisation has promised to reward pilots who deliver food to Goulart City, and has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in Ambika.  
  
The campaign begins on the 4th of August 3302 and will run for one week. If the final targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-11-10   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
A mercenary group has been intercepted by security forces in the Meene system. It is understood that the mercenaries' primary target was Phoenix Base, home of the engineer Ram Tah. Li Yong-Rui, CEO of Sirius Corporation, said the attack demonstrated the precariousness of Ram Tah's situation.  
  
In related news, security forces in Meene are launching an operation to capture enemy agents. Security Chief Harper Vargas said his forces intended to detain any surviving mercenaries and interrogate them, so they could identify the individuals behind the incursion.  
  
Meanwhile, Lieutenant Inspector Ramesh Thorne, who has been leading an investigation into The Mars Tribune, has been suspended from the Federal Security Service. The news came less than an hour after Thorne made a public appeal for information regarding admin robots fitted with secret surveillance programs, citing the unwillingness of his superiors to pursue the matter.  
  
The isolationist group Nova Imperium has broadcast a message to Imperial citizens. The organisation's leader, known only as the Imperator, implicitly criticised Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval for 'weakness', and said that the Empire would only survive the Thargoid onslaught by severing ties with the other superpowers.  
  
The family and colleagues of author Olav Redcourt have reported him missing. A police investigation has so far failed to determine his whereabouts. Redcourt recently hit the headlines when he terminated his relationship with his publisher, Bonespire Publishing, midway through a promotional tour.  
  
Finally, authorities in the Geras system have confirmed that the conflict between Geras First and Ndozins State Inc has come to an end. Both factions received support from independent combat pilots, to whom generous rewards were promised, but in the end there could be only one victor.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Meet the Powers – Felicia Winters  
  
3301-07-29   
  
Meet the Powers – Felicia Winters  
  
  
  
Continuing this GalNet exclusive series, political commentator Marcus Macmillan writes his opinion of some of the movers and shakers in 3301. In this fourth article he considers Shadow President Felicia Winters and her sudden rise to power.  
  
With the disappearance of President Halsey and the earlier the murder of President Nigel Smeaton, Felicia Winters found herself thrust in charge of the Liberal Party. She inherited a political party in crisis and has had to work quickly to try and restore people’s faith in her party.  
  
As someone born and raised on Taylor Colony, Felicia Winters learned early on that when presented with difficult choices, humanity can’t always be trusted to do the right thing. She sees it as her duty to push for the right choice, even if it's the hard choice.  
  
Felicia Winters has already proved to be a versatile opponent, and in many opinion polls is running level with President Hudson. Many voters are growing concerned by the President’s aggressive rhetoric and are turning to the Liberal Party to counter what they see as a road to war.  
  
# Galactic News: More Starports Attacked  
  
3303-12-23   
  
News feeds have confirmed that three further starports have been attacked by Thargoids. The affected stations are Hudson Observatory in HIP 17694, Cavalieri in Electra and Bao Landing in HIP 17497. The attacks have resulted in significant damage and hundreds of casualties.  
  
As with last week’s attacks, the strikes were executed by Interceptor Medusas – a particularly devastating class of Thargoid attack ship.  
  
Authorities in the affected systems have entreated independent pilots to support relief operations by evacuating civilians from the affected starports. They have also appealed for food, water, basic medicines and natural fabrics.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-08-10   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Conflict in Geras Ends  
  
3304-11-08   
  
Authorities in the Geras system have confirmed that the conflict between Geras First and Ndozins State Inc has come to an end.  
  
Both factions received support from independent combat pilots, to whom generous rewards were promised, but in the end there could be only one victor.  
  
Independent journalist Donal Varden offered an analysis:  
  
"After a week of furious fighting, the Geras system is now eerily quiet. Ultimately only one side could be victorious, but this uneasy peace has come at a great and dreadful cost.  
  
Pilots who participated in the conflict can now collect their rewards from Yurchikhin Port in the Geras system.  
  
# Galactic News: Core Dynamics Campaign Concludes  
  
3303-12-28   
  
Core Dynamics has announced that its construction initiative has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots contributed to the campaign by delivering construction materials to Klimuk Ring, and by eliminating agitators in the Guaras system. The materials will be used to support a new wave of manufacture to replace ships lost in Thargoid attacks.  
  
A spokesperson for Core Dynamics released the following statement:  
  
“We are immensely grateful to the galactic community for its support. The acceleration of our production schedule has already begun, and our new ships should be rolling off the production line soon.”  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Klimuk Ring in the Guaras system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-07-29   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report indicates some of the minor factions enduring significant health issues such as famine and outbreaks (*).  
  
Outbreaks have been reported by the following minor factions:  
  
Dajoar  
  
Eleu  
  
20 Ophiuchi  
  
Like famines, outbreaks cause a major disruption to the inhabitants’ standard of living. Resupply of medicines and related trade contracts are needed to end the outbreak. Due to the state of emergency combat missions and activities provide no effect on influence.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Jaques's Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-08-10   
  
Personnel at Jaques Station have announced that their appeal for repair materials has reached a successful conclusion more than a week before the campaign was scheduled to end, thanks to the enthusiastic support of the galactic community.  
  
Thousands of pilots are understood to have contributed to the initiative, in some cases making multiple trips to the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system.  
  
In a brief statement, Jaques said:  
  
"The station might have looked fine from the outside, but things definitely weren't running smoothly on the inside. But thanks to you guys we should have most systems running pretty soon.  
  
Jaques went on to announce that the station's roster of services would be extended to include a shipyard, although he did not disclose which vessels would be available. Discussions with manufacturers are understood to be underway.  
  
# Recover Escape Pods in Meene  
  
3304-11-08   
  
Following a skirmish with a group of mercenaries, security forces in the Meene system have launched an operation to capture enemy agents in order to investigate the attack.  
  
Security Chief Harper Vargas of the Meene Defence Force gave the following statement:  
  
"The mercenaries were targeting Ram Tah's Phoenix Base, but it's clear they were just hired hands. We need to recover as many surviving mercenaries as we can and interrogate them, so we can find the real culprits.  
  
The Independent HIP 29241 Green Party, which is overseeing the initiative, has asked pilots to recover both occupied and damaged escape pods, and to deliver them to Felice Dock in the Meene system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing to the recovery can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 8th of November 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Cerberus Plague Breakthrough  
  
3301-07-29   
  
Cerberus Plague Breakthrough  
  
  
  
Medical personnel at Hart Station were unanimous in their praise for the many Commanders who delivered medicines to the Bast System as part of an ongoing effort to help those afflicted with the Cerberus Plague. A spokesperson at Hart Station released the following statement:  
  
“We are immensely grateful to the 765 independent pilots who delivered medicine to the primary care facility here at Hart Station. Through their charitable efforts, we were able to bring relief to thousands of patients, and also to devote time we would not otherwise have had to our ongoing search for a cure. What’s more, we think we may have made a breakthrough in that area. So to all those who contributed, we just want to say a heartfelt thank you.”  
  
Apparently, patients at Hart Station who were offered Ceremonial Heike Tea showed some improvement in their health. When other patients experienced similar recoveries, the local team ran tests and sent samples to Carl Simmons, Chief Medical Officer of Newton Dock in BD-02 4304, who is leading research into a cure. He offered the following brief statement:  
  
“Patients were offered the tea simply to lift their spirits, but it apparently contains ingredients that can actually cure those afflicted with the pathogen. The tea is quite rare, however, and is only found in Heike, so I suspect it will be quite a challenge to gather the quantities that we need.”  
  
We can only hope this news signals a turning point in the fight against the Cerberus Plague.  
  
# Community Goal: Rescue Operation in the California Nebula  
  
3303-12-28   
  
The Alliance has reported that ships travelling to and from its California Nebula outposts are coming under attack from pirates. The attacks are of such frequency and ferocity that the bases are in danger of being completely cut off.  
  
An Alliance spokesperson said:  
  
"The systems lining the route to the California Nebula are strewn with the wrecks of Alliance vessels, but with the pirates still an active threat, we have been unable to recover escape pods from these shipwrecks. We are therefore launching a two-pronged operation designed to both thin the pirates' numbers and recover the escape pods. We hope we can rely on the support of the galaxy's independent combat pilots.  
  
The operation has received financial support from the Turner Research Group, which has promised to reward pilots who deliver escape pods to Darwin Research Facility in the California Sector BV-Y c7 system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 28th of December 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Freelance Report: Buckyball Racing Club Salutes Heroes of Bast  
  
3302-08-11   
  
On the 30th of June 3301, Newton Dock in the BD-02 4304 system was quarantined due to the outbreak of a mysterious plague. This pathogen – named the Cerberus Plague – eventually spread to over 20 systems and claimed 100,000 lives.  
  
Thanks to the support of the galaxy's independent pilots, a cure derived from Ceremonial Heike Tea was discovered and used to treat victims at Hart Station in the Bast System. The cure was then synthesised, mass produced and shipped to other affected systems. On the 10th of August 3301, the last affected systems were declared free of the Cerberus Plague.  
  
In tribute to these pilots' heroic efforts, the Buckyball Racing Club is hosting a special event at Hart Station. The race will involve a scramble around nearby medicine-production facilities and a speed run to Brunel City in Heike.  
  
Commander Raiko  
  
# Famous Author Missing  
  
3304-11-11   
  
The family and colleagues of author Olav Redcourt have reported him missing. A police investigation has so far failed to determine his whereabouts.  
  
Redcourt recently hit the headlines when he terminated his relationship with his publisher, Bonespire Publishing, midway through a promotional tour.  
  
In the wake of the author's disappearance, Bonespire released the following statement:  
  
"We can only assume that Mr Redcourt is trying to avoid paying his fine for contract violation, which runs to several million credits. Of course, should he agree to continue writing the bestselling Corsair King series, we would be happy to waive the damages.  
  
Literary critic Kayla Shah offered an alternative explanation:  
  
"Obsessive readers of the Corsair King series have sent death threats to Redcourt for not delivering exactly what they wanted. Now that he's turned his back on the series, might he have been kidnapped by a rabid fan and forced to write more novels, or even murdered as an act of revenge?  
  
# Aisling Duval Questions Convenience of Emperor’s Recovery  
  
3301-07-29   
  
Aisling Duval Questions Convenience of Emperor’s Recovery  
  
  
  
In a secretly recorded and unguarded discussion with one of her aides, Princess Aisling Duval is allegedly seen to question the motives of Senator Anders Blaine and other parties close to the Emperor.  
  
“How is this possible? Am I not the most beloved person in the Empire? This is clear manoeuvring to make sure that Arissa becomes the heir. I can see her annoyingly haughty expression now. That Blaine thinks she will let him carry on doing what he wants .”  
  
The recording has received universal condemnation from sources on both sides. Senator Blaine refused to comment directly, although an aide claimed that an investigation would be initiated.  
  
Aisling Duval issued a statement denying the validity of the recording:  
  
“This so-called recording is barely audible, and clearly a fabrication. I have not and would not say the despicable things portrayed in this horrid fantasy. My best technicians are already working to discover how this fraud has been perpetrated, and rest assured that the criminals will be caught.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Further Migration to Colonia  
  
3303-12-29   
  
Although the Thargoid attacks have so far been confined to the Pleiades Nebula, many apparently fear that the aliens’ next target will be the core systems. This is evidenced by the huge numbers of citizens fleeing to Colonia.  
  
The Colonia Council, the region’s governing body, has confirmed that the number of refugees has skyrocketed in recent weeks, and that the recent attacks against starports have only accelerated the rate of immigration.  
  
Magen Wolfe, a spokesperson for the Council, said:  
  
“All who seek sanctuary in Colonia will be welcomed, but the truth is that the core systems are no more likely to be targeted by the Thargoids than Colonia. We want to offer our support, but there is a limit to how many people the region can support.  
  
A campaign to build additional outposts in Colonia took place earlier this month, but the pace of immigration means that further construction initiatives may be necessary to support the region’s rapidly expanding population.  
  
# Community Goal: The Fight for Pleiades Sector IH-V C2-16  
  
3302-08-11   
  
Recent reports from the Empire-controlled Pleiades Sector IH-V c2-16 system indicate that the Pleiades Resource Enterprise, a Federal organisation, is preparing to launch an assault with the aim of taking the region from the Empire.  
  
A spokesperson for the Imperial Inquisition, which is coordinating the Imperial resistance, said:  
  
"I would not surrender so much as an inch of territory to the Federation – I am certainly not about to surrender Pleiades Sector IH-V c2-16. I hope the Pleiades Resource Enterprise is prepared for a fight.  
  
The Imperial Inquisition has asked all Empire-aligned pilots to travel to Pleiades Sector IH-V c2-16 and help repel the Federal offensive. Similarly, the Pleiades Resource Enterprise has issued a call to arms to all Federation-aligned fighters.  
  
The Pleiades Resource Enterprise has set out a week-long operation to take control of the system, which will begin on the 11th of August 3302.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# A Warning from the Imperator  
  
3304-11-09   
  
The isolationist group Nova Imperium has broadcast a message to Imperial citizens via public media.  
  
The organisation's leader, known only as the Imperator, said:  
  
"Imperial citizens, your ruler's weakness has put you in great danger. If we are to survive the Thargoid onslaught, we must sever ties with the Federation and other, inferior powers, and concentrate on protecting our own systems.  
  
"I call upon those who care about their Imperial birthright to support Nova Imperium. We vow to restore the Empire's purity and strength, and to lead it into a glorious future.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus responded with the following comment:  
  
"These extremists and their seditious agenda are not worthy of attention. So far we have been lenient with them, but this so-called Imperator would be wise not to test our patience any further.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Operation Davy Jones - The Voices of Dissent  
  
3301-07-29   
  
Operation Davy Jones - The Voices of Dissent  
  
  
  
The efforts of the Imperial forces engaged in “Operation Davy Jones” have continued this week, with the attackers keeping up the pressure on Archon Delaine’s stretched and battered forces. However, while the pilots engaged in the operation remain optimistic after a series of local successes, the campaign has attracted its share of detractors.  
  
"When I talk with my peers about the issues of the day, it isn't far away systems in the back of beyond that we concern ourselves with”, Commander Edgar Starwalker, aligned with Arissa Lavigny-Duval, said in a brief interview. “Many of us know there is corruption right on our doorsteps, with dictators and credit-beholden corporations in charge of so many Imperial worlds. I think something should be done to bring about change at home!  
  
While the operation is being carried out by combined Imperial forces of varying allegiance, the core of the fleet is provided by Arissa Lavigny-Duval. As such, concerns about turmoil in the princess’ territory have lead some to question the decision to commit large forces to an offensive against the Kumo Crew. More recently, outrage has been sparked by the attempts, initiated by supporters of Aisling Duval, to solicit the help of Federal Commanders in “Operation Davy Jones”.  
  
When asked for comment, Commander Great Gig of Lavigny Legion’s Velite Squadron had this to say: "When news travelled that Imperial Commanders were contacting the Federation for cooperation and help, I was saddened. Aren't we the mighty Empire of Achenar? Doesn't our history oppose their political and institutional corruption, their mind control through relentless propaganda and consumerism?  
  
For the past month, the eyes of the galaxy have been on the Pegasi Sector and “Operation Davy Jones”. Whether the Imperial forces manage to maintain their resolve in the face of stalwart defence and dissent at home remains to be seen.  
  
Commander Cadoc  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Further Migration to Colonia  
  
3303-12-30   
  
Although the Thargoid attacks have so far been confined to the Pleiades Nebula, many apparently fear that the aliens’ next target will be the core systems. This is evidenced by the huge numbers of citizens fleeing to Colonia.  
  
The Colonia Council, the region’s governing body, has confirmed that the number of refugees has skyrocketed in recent weeks, and that the recent attacks against starports have only accelerated the rate of immigration.  
  
Magen Wolfe, a spokesperson for the Council, said:  
  
“All who seek sanctuary in Colonia will be welcomed, but the truth is that the core systems are no more likely to be targeted by the Thargoids than Colonia. We want to offer our support, but there is a limit to how many people the region can support.  
  
A campaign to build additional outposts in Colonia took place earlier this month, but the pace of immigration means that further construction initiatives may be necessary to support the region’s rapidly expanding population.  
  
# Report on Nova Imperium Leaked  
  
3304-11-14   
  
A report compiled by the Imperial Internal Security Service on isolationist group Nova Imperium has been leaked.  
  
The Rewired news service broadcast the report in full:  
  
"This document compiles our latest intelligence on Nova Imperium, as requested. Although the group has not yet committed any crimes, its threat potential should not be underestimated. Its isolationist message resonates with those fearful of Thargoid invasion, and its rallying cry of 'Empire for the Imperials' aligns with the more conservative citizenry.  
  
"We have identified the group's leader, the Imperator, as Duke Kaeso Mordanticus, a former naval admiral from a long line of decorated veterans.  
  
"Evidence suggests that Mordanticus still has contacts and influence in the Imperial Navy. Nova Imperium's ships are mostly run by ex-naval crews, bound by loyalty to their former commanding officer.  
  
"We will continue to monitor Nova Imperium and report on any developments.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Ambika Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-08-11   
  
The Union Party of Ambika has announced that its two-pronged relief campaign has received the full support of the galactic community. Huge deliveries of food were received at Goulart City, and the agitators attempting to disrupt the relief operation have been neutralised.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released a brief statement:  
  
"We are deeply grateful to all those who supported this campaign. Without your intervention, I fear that Ambika could have been plunged into a humanitarian crisis. The food supplies delivered to Goulart City will now be distributed throughout the system.  
  
# Pegasi Intervention Sparks Debate at Home  
  
3301-07-30   
  
Pegasi Intervention Sparks Debate at Home  
  
  
  
Unaffiliated supporters of Arissa Lavigny-Duval have today voiced concerns at rumours of an escalating intervention in the Pegasi Sector on the part of Lavigny's Legion.  
  
Discussion of the the highly publicised plight of Imperial citizens living in volumes of space controlled by Archon Delaine's Kumo Crew dominated newsfeeds and social media throughout Kamadhenu over the weekend. Opinion is split on the humanitarian value of an intervention in a region perceived by some as extremely remote.  
  
Speaking anonymously one commander said: "I don't understand why the Legion is wasting time with a foreign backwater like the Pegasi Sector. I'd never even heard of it before. We've got our own problems with corrupt Dictatorships and greedy Corporations right here at home. We need to clean up the Empire before we try cleaning up the whole Galaxy!".  
  
Anger erupted when it was revealed that diplomatic overtures had been made towards the Federation in regards to confronting the Kumo Crew.  
  
It was later made clear that Lavigny's Legion itself took no part in any talks with envoys of Shadow President Felicia Winters or President Zachary Hudson. A diplomat for Aisling Duval's Aisling's Angels confirmed their own attendance at talks.  
  
The suggestion that Arissa Lavigny-Duval's supporters might be pulled into joint operations with either Hudson or Winters has resurfaced deeply held anti-Federation sentiment, with reports of at least one commander plotting a course to Sol in a well armed vessel in response to the rumours.  
  
Commander Edgar Starwalker  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-08-11   
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson has announced that the Federal appeal for construction materials received the enthusiastic support of the galactic community. Hundreds of independent pilots supported the campaign by delivering autofabricators, tantalum and superconductors to Brady Horizons in the Gooheimar system, which will allow the Federation to start work on the first of three new Farragut-class Battlecruisers.  
  
In a brief statement, President Hudson thanked those who had contributed to the initiative.  
  
"I want to thank you for your support. The passionate response to this appeal gives me hope that the Federation faces a bright future – one in which we can meet any threat that confronts us.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Cordova Group Linked to Spy Robots  
  
3304-11-15   
  
The Federal Times has revealed a connection between the Cordova Group and the spy robots scandal.  
  
Chief Editor Lena Ravenhill wrote:  
  
"Ramesh Thorne's recent appeal elicited a response from an anonymous whistle-blower – a robotics engineer employed by the Achilles Corporation who helped design the robots at the heart of these events.  
  
"The engineer has attested that she was blackmailed by Kingsley Cordova, owner of the Mars Tribune, into installing surveillance programs on robots belonging to well-known people in the Sol system. The accumulated data was relayed to the Cordova Group, which published it in The Mars Tribune.  
  
A spokesperson for the Achilles Corporation said:  
  
"The engineer has provided us with a 'kill switch' that remotely deletes the spy program she designed. This coreware update has now been transmitted to all PA912 model robots. We can therefore assure our customers that there is no longer any risk of their private information being misused.  
  
# Senator Patreus Supports Stability  
  
3301-07-30   
  
Senator Patreus Supports Stability  
  
  
  
Many report that the Senate hasn’t enjoyed such a positive atmosphere since the coronation of Hengist Duval nearly 70 years ago. This happy feeling continued today with Senator Denton Patreus taking his turn to congratulate the Emperor on his return to health and for the upcoming wedding.  
  
“I have always spoken out for stability in the Empire and we could not have hoped for greater stability than the Emperor’s recovery from his coma. The Empire has suffered with the absence of its father and some have attempted to take advantage of this for their own ends.  
  
“I have been accused of doing the same, but I can assure everyone that my actions have always been in the best interests of the Empire. I categorically state here and before my esteemed colleagues, that I will do whatever is necessary to support the Emperor in his vision for the future.”  
  
The Senator’s speech was well received. However, some commentators have uncharitably noted that his campaign has flagged compared to his rivals’, and that Senator Patreus is trying to set himself as a kingmaker to break the popularity deadlock between Arissa Lavigny-Duval and Aisling Duval.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: The Thargoids  
  
3302-08-12   
  
Continuing our series on significant episodes from human history, noted historian Sima Kalhana discusses the Thargoids.  
  
"Are we alone in the universe? It's a question we've been asking for millennia. Even before we expanded into space, we wondered about the possibility of non-human intelligence.  
  
"Of course, for some, the question has already been answered. We have seen the aliens and we have given them a name: the Thargoids. But accounts of Thargoid encounters are shrouded in so much ambiguity, it is hard to accept them as proof of extraterrestrial intelligence. Furthermore, there have been no credible reports of Thargoid sightings for hundreds of years.  
  
"The first reported Thargoid encounters date from 3125, when accounts surfaced that pilots had been pulled from witch-space and attacked by mysterious octagonal starships. Witnesses asserted that the strange vessels were exceptionally fast and remarkably manoeuvrable. Pilots who survived these experiences were convinced they had encountered extraterrestrials, and named the aliens 'Thargoids'.  
  
"As news of these encounters spread, rumours surfaced that the interdictions might be a response to an earlier human attack. Leaked Federal intelligence indicated that colonists in the Veliaze system had encountered and assaulted an extraterrestrial deputation shortly before the Thargoid interdictions began. Suggestions that the Thargoid attacks were a reaction to this attack carried more than a hint of plausibility.  
  
"Not long after, reports of Thargoid encounters came to an abrupt halt. In the decades that followed, not one credible account of a Thargoid encounter was reported. For some, this was proof that the original reports were groundless – 'the fantasies of lonely pilots, looking for attention', as Arvan Corto of the Imperial Navy said at the time.  
  
"But public opinion shifted in 3250 when reports emerged that the disappearance of the Thargoids might have been a direct consequence of a covert anti-Thargoid operation. An anonymous message, delivered to a number of media outlets, claimed that an organisation known as the Intergalactic Naval Reserve Arm had developed a chemical weapon specifically designed to target Thargoid technology. This chemical – known as the mycoid virus – was designed to attack plastic polymers, which were believed to be present in Thargoid hyperdrive systems. The fact that the virus also appeared to harm the Thargoids led to speculation that the aliens' bodies might contain some kind of polymer-like material. The report was dismissed by many leading political figures as a conspiracy theory, but some asserted that it contained enough plausible detail be believable.  
  
"Since then, very little credible information has emerged. The original accounts from 3125 report that Thargoid ships can execute huge hyperspace jumps, while information purportedly from INRA documents indicates that the Thargoids originate from an ammonia-based world. There are even rumours that the Thargoids have a collective consciousness or 'hive mind'. Some of the less outlandish theories include the suggestion that electronic countermeasure technology was reverse-engineered from captured Thargoid vessels.  
  
"And what of the barnacles, Unknown Artefacts and Unknown Probes? Many believe these objects are of non-human origin, which has led to speculation that they were created by the Thargoids. Unfortunately, however, analysis of these objects has not yielded any concrete information about their origin or purpose.  
  
"Are the Thargoids real? Frankly, I don't know. But if they are, their true nature can only be guessed at.  
  
# Escape Pod Recovery Complete  
  
3304-11-15   
  
The Independent HIP 29241 Green Party has announced that its appeal to recover escape pods has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots supported the initiative by delivering pods to Felice Dock, and by protecting contributing ships in the Meene system.  
  
Security Chief Harper Vargas of the Meene Defence Force gave the following statement:  
  
"We have recovered a number of key figures within the mercenary group, and interrogations are underway. We will share more information when we have it.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Felice Dock in the Meene system.  
  
# Meet the Powers – Zachary Hudson  
  
3301-07-30   
  
Meet the Powers – Zachary Hudson  
  
  
  
Continuing this GalNet exclusive series, political commentator Marcus Macmillan writes his opinion of some of the movers and shakers in 3301. In this fifth article he analyses Federal President Zachary Hudson.  
  
Republican President Zachary Hudson became President after the disappearance of President Halsey and a vote of no confidence in the Senate. He has always been supportive of the military, and has recently announced his support for CQC Championship as a training and recruitment tool for the Federal Navy. He is also approving additional funds to begin upgrading and expanding the fleet to counter the threats he sees beyond the Federation’s borders.  
  
In common with most of his party, Hudson believes it is the government’s duty to be as small a burden on the individual as possible. An extensive programme of tax reduction is already planned for most households within the Federation. This has proved popular, but not for those who relied on government support before his election.  
  
He is also an advocate of personal freedom at any cost, although that is balanced by the requirement for citizens to be responsible for themselves.  
  
For fun, the President regularly goes hunting on the many frontier worlds offering holiday activity.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Economic Turmoil Ahead?  
  
3302-08-12   
  
According to the Galactic Finance Times, analysis of the largest corporations in the Federation and the Empire reveals evidence of a significant economic downturn in the coming years.  
  
"We're seeing poor revenue forecasts for a wide range of corporations, including big names like Sirius, Gutamaya and Core Dynamics," said a correspondent for the Galactic Finance Times. "They should be concentrating on marketing to leverage new product ranges, but instead they're diverting resources into intensive research and development. They're ignoring the traditional sales cycle, and we don't know why. It's perplexing.  
  
Shareholders have seen poor returns on their investments in recent months, with stock prices dropping across multiple sectors, although this has given others a chance to pick up stock at bargain prices. Several of the pertinent corporations were contacted by the Galactic Finance Times, but none deigned to respond.  
  
Despite the GFT's report, some commentators blame the downturn on the London Treaty, which was signed by the galaxy's three major powers in 3278 following the introduction of the frame shift drive. The treaty enforces strict tonnage limitations for capital ships, and was aimed at preventing an arms race, but in recent years it has come to be perceived as a barrier to economic development.  
  
One option for investors looking for a risky but possibly lucrative venture is a start-up called MetaDrive Inc., a small company based in the Chi Orionis system specialising in hyperdrive research. The company is reported to be seeking investment.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Olelbis Holdings Appeal  
  
3304-11-15   
  
Olelbis Holdings, an organisation based in the Olelbis system, has announced an elaborate social function at Polyakov Orbital, the faction's base of operations.  
  
In support of this event, Olelbis Holdings has placed an open order for quantities of Deuringas Truffles, Mokojing Beast Feast and Mulachi Giant Fungus, and has pledged to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Polyakov Orbital in the Olelbis system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those contributing commodities to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 15th November 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-07-30   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions around the galaxy pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,009 minor factions holding elections:  
  
HIP 20998 Empire Party  
  
Zearla Advanced Company  
  
Wreaken Construction  
  
Hoji Patrons of Law  
  
Bark Pular Travel Limited  
  
Defence Party of Nastrond  
  
Agarla Citizens' Forum  
  
Liabeze Patron's Party  
  
Sorbago Mastopolos Mining Inc  
  
Agarla Patron's Principles  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions are of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Felicia Winters Opposes Federal-Imperial Conflict  
  
3302-08-13   
  
At a rally on Mars in the Sol system, Federal Shadow President Felicia Winters has addressed the escalating tension between the Federation and the Empire.  
  
While careful not to criticise Federal President Zachary Hudson, Winters made her position on the ongoing Federal-Imperial conflict clear. Addressing citizens who had gathered to support her, the shadow president said:  
  
"I may disagree with Edmund Mahon on a number of issues, but I share his views on the current political climate.  
  
"Both the Federation and the Empire have access to tremendous military power, and a war between our two societies could have a disastrous impact on the galaxy. We must turn away from acrimony, and move towards mutual understanding and cooperation. It is not too late to change course.  
  
Winters's words were warmly received by the assembled crowds.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Connection to Sirius Corp Uncovered  
  
3304-11-16   
  
A link has been established between the mercenary group recently intercepted in the Meene system and the Sirius Corporation.  
  
Security Chief Harper Vargas of the Meene Defence Force said:  
  
"With the vital assistance of the galactic community, we were able to apprehend several of the mercenaries. Interrogations revealed that a number of them were in fact junior officers in Sirius Corp's private fleet.  
  
"Other mercenaries confirmed that the attack was funded and organised by these individuals, which raises the question of why Sirius should be involved with this criminal enterprise.  
  
The engineer Ram Tah, who operates from Phoenix Base in the Meene system, commented:  
  
"Did Sirius really think it could obtain my research by force? Or was this an attempt to scare me into accepting Li Yong-Rui's offer?  
  
A spokesperson for the Sirius Corporation refuted any allegations of criminal activity, and insisted there would be a full inquiry.  
  
# Ending Corruption at Home and Abroad  
  
3301-07-30   
  
Ending Corruption at Home and Abroad  
  
  
  
Concerns have been raised that the ongoing war of liberation in the Pegasi sector, Operation Davy Jones, has left the Empire exposed to invasion and corruption. Addressing these concerns, Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval had these words for her constituents:  
  
"With so many of our Imperial fleets engaged in battle, it is understandable that some are anxious about the security of our territory. I want to assure our citizens that local security forces are not impacted – in fact, over half of the Imperial fleet is held in reserve. Over the past weeks, a number of Imperial systems in our home space witnessed corrupt and repressive governments replaced by traditional patronages. Much of the heavy lifting has been done by Imperial reserve fleets. Our continued success in the Pegasi sector will soon liberate our citizens living there. To shirk our duties to our citizens, whether at home or abroad, is unacceptable.”  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Salomé - Traitor or Terrorist?  
  
3302-08-13   
  
The Imperial Citizen has published a scathing two-part editorial on an individual by the name of Commander Salomé, alleging that she is in fact Lady Kahina Tijani Loren, the missing Imperial senator.  
  
"We note with dismay that a certain Commander Salomé has resurfaced once again. Many will be unaware of her activities, obscured as they are by her carefully cultivated innocence and charm, so it falls to the Imperial Citizen to reveal the sordid truth. She is Lady Kahina Tijani Loren, the disgraced senator.  
  
"Although Salomé enjoyed the comforts and privileges afforded to most high-born Imperial children, her parents had little use for a third daughter and shipped her off to boarding school at the first opportunity. This served only to foster Salomé's sense of rebelliousness and her disdain for her family.  
  
"Despite her privileged upbringing, Salomé grew up to be petty, mean and bitter. But she was also shrewd and politically astute, successfully avoiding an arranged marriage by palming off her would-be husband onto one of her older sisters.  
  
"Salomé hated her father, but despite her antipathy, she was clearly influenced by him. After all, this was the man who expelled colonists from the Chione moon in 3297 by bombing it – an act condemned as a war crime by the Federation.  
  
"Loren's family was murdered in 3300 by a group of freedom fighters known as Reclamists, but she was somehow spirited safely away. She claims to have been kidnapped, abused and held to ransom, only to overcome her enemies and return the Prism system to Imperial control after a battle with the Federation. The truth is that she did nothing of the sort.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-11-17   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
A leaked Imperial Internal Security Service report on Nova Imperium has revealed that the group's leader is one Duke Kaeso Mordanticus, a former naval admiral from a long line of decorated veterans. The report reveals that Mordanticus still has contacts and influence in the Imperial Navy, and that Nova Imperium's ships are mostly run by ex-naval crews.  
  
Meanwhile, an Achilles Corporation engineer who helped design the robots at the heart of the spy robot scandal has given evidence to former FSS inspector Ramesh Thorne. The engineer claims she was blackmailed by Kingsley Cordova, owner of the Mars Tribune, into installing surveillance programs on PA912 administration robots. All the affected robots have now been made safe.  
  
In other news, the Independent HIP 29241 Green Party operation to recover escape pods in the Meene system has reached a successful conclusion. The captured mercenaries were interrogated by the Meene Defence Force, leading to the realisation that several of them were junior officers in Sirius Corp's private fleet. The engineer Ram Tah, who operates from Phoenix Base in the Meene system, has claimed that Sirius is trying to obtain his research by force. The Sirius Corporation has refuted any allegations of criminal activity.  
  
Finally, Olelbis Holdings, an organisation based in the Olelbis system, has announced an elaborate social function at Polyakov Orbital, the faction's base of operations. In support of this event, Olelbis Holdings has placed an open order for various rare commodities, and has pledged to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Polyakov Orbital in the Olelbis system.  
  
Popular author Olav Redcourt, who was recently reported missing, has been found alive and well at a writers' retreat at a remote outpost. The writer is apparently hard at work on his new book, a science fiction novel.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Further Outbreaks of Cerberus Plague  
  
3301-07-30   
  
Further Outbreaks of Cerberus Plague  
  
  
  
While medical teams across the galaxy work to develop the quantities of antidote needed to eliminate the Cerberus Plague, fresh outbreaks of the disease are appearing in other systems. Our sources indicate that the following systems are currently affected by the Cerberus Plague:  
  
Chongguls  
  
Xamentii  
  
G 139-50  
  
Cantjarisni  
  
Rajukru  
  
HIP 10175  
  
Amahu  
  
Leerham  
  
BD-11 4280  
  
Louguala  
  
Any independent pilots who wish to help those affected are encouraged to deliver medicines to the systems listed above.  
  
# Olav Redcourt Found  
  
3304-11-17   
  
Popular author Olav Redcourt, who was recently reported missing, has been found alive and well.  
  
Margot Hist of the Dervish-Foss Literary Agency told the media:  
  
"I can reassure Olav's fans that he is in good health, and has checked into a writers' retreat at a remote outpost. I can also reassure Bonespire Publishing that he will soon pay their fees for contractual breach, having sold most of his belongings.  
  
"Olav is currently hard at work on his new science fiction novel, despite my attempts to convince him to choose a more popular genre.  
  
When asked why these facts were not made public sooner, Ms Hist replied:  
  
"Unfortunately I didn't know there was concern about Olav's whereabouts until I returned from holiday – there are no communication facilities at Skyglow Havens on the Rhea Archipelago.  
  
## Missing Persons storyline  
  
## Rhea Archipelago  
  
### Skyglow Havens  
  
## Olav Redcourt  
  
## Margot Hist  
  
### Dervish-Foss Literary Agency  
  
## Bonespire Publishing  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-08-17   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Cerberus Plague Continues to Affect Starports  
  
3301-07-30   
  
Cerberus Plague Continues to Affect Starports  
  
  
  
Although a cure for the Cerberus Plague has been found, the disease has not yet been eradicated, and it continues to wreak havoc in certain systems.  
  
Starports in the following systems have been affected by the plague:  
  
Bastes  
  
Maheou Ti  
  
Ochoeng  
  
Una  
  
Santjalan  
  
In these systems, the following station services are unavailable:  
  
Re-arming  
  
Market  
  
Bulletin board  
  
Docking  
  
Shipyard  
  
Outfitting  
  
Black market  
  
Authorities in the relevant systems have reported that services will remain offline until the Cerberus Plague has been either contained or eliminated.  
  
# Community Goal: The Colonia Initiative  
  
3302-08-18   
  
The Colonia Nebula is a relatively innocuous region of space encompassing the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system. It is also likely to become a major bastion of humanity in the years to come.  
  
Public interest in the Colonia Nebula was piqued by the arrival in Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 of Jaques Station, which dropped into the system after making an unsuccessful attempt to jump to Beagle Point. In the weeks that followed, pilots started ferrying goods to Jaques Station to repair the damaged starport – an initiative that captured the imagination of the galactic community. The region soon became a focus for those who fear that a war between the Federation and the Empire may be looming, and who hope to escape it.  
  
A coordinated campaign to establish a permanent outpost in the region, organised by the 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 faction, is already underway and a second is about to begin. The 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 faction has announced plans to establish an outpost in the Colonia Nebula, and has placed an open order for materials for use in the construction.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"A new beginning. A new tomorrow. That's what the Colonia Nebula represents. A chance to create an interstellar community free from the internecine conflicts that blight so much of inhabited space. With your help, we can make it happen.  
  
The 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 faction has promised to reward pilots who deliver titanium, semiconductors and robotics to Jaques Station in the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system. The campaign begins on the 18th of August 3302 and will run for two weeks.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# New Appointment to Council of Admirals  
  
3304-11-21   
  
Admiral Frederick Yamamoto has been announced as the sixth member of the Alliance Council of Admirals.  
  
The position had been vacant for months after the previous appointment, Riri McAllister, was discovered to be the coordinator of terrorist group the League of Reparation.  
  
The induction ceremony was conducted by Fleet Admiral Hayley Sorokin, who said:  
  
"After many years commanding the Alliance Defence Force in the Zaonce system, Admiral Yamamoto has more than earned his place on the Council. His experience will help enhance security for all member systems.  
  
Vanya Driscoll, political journalist at The Alliance Tribune, commented:  
  
"Many expected the role to be filled by an officer from the Lave fleet rather than Zaonce, so the decision has ruffled some feathers. It has also not gone unnoticed that Admiral Yamamoto is a close personal friend of President Gibson Kincaid.  
  
# Ex-Governor Joel Xander Charged with Venality and Abuse of Office  
  
3301-07-31   
  
Ex-Governor Joel Xander Charged with Venality and Abuse of Office  
  
  
  
Federal prosecutor Kerstin Marling has brought charges against the former Governor of BD-22 3572, Joel Xander, in the Federal court in Rhea.  
  
Marling stated that she has evidence that Xander had been receiving financial support from local leaders King Justice II and Supreme Leader Anxo Lino of BD-22 3573 Flag, which has led to a dramatic decrease of Federation popularity in the sector.  
  
“It is of utmost importance to show to all the poor people who have suffered because of this man's corruption that this was not official Federal policy, but the work of an individual, who will be treated as a criminal for his deeds.”  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Federation Takes Pleiades Sector IH-V C2-16  
  
3302-08-18   
  
Following a week of conflict, the Pleiades Resource Enterprise has confirmed that the Federation has taken control of the Pleiades Sector IH-V C2-16 system, having ousted the incumbent Imperial Inquisition. In a statement, a spokesperson for the organisation thanked the many Federal pilots who took part in the operation.  
  
"This victory brings with it the promise of a brighter tomorrow – a brighter tomorrow for the people of IH-V C2-16, who are now free from the dehumanising influence of the Empire, and a brighter tomorrow for the Federation, which has gained a valuable strategic asset.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Mars Tribune Closes  
  
3304-11-22   
  
The Mars Tribune has been closed and its owner arrested in the wake of the spy robot scandal.  
  
The announcement was made by Detective Captain Ramesh Thorne, who was recently reinstated to, and promoted by, the Federal Security Service:  
  
"Kingsley Cordova, editor Lana Sigrid and other employees of The Mars Tribune have been arrested for blackmail and corruption. The newsfeed has been permanently dissolved, and the Cordova Group conglomerate subjected to a government audit.  
  
"I would like to thank the anonymous whistle-blower who exposed Cordova's scheme. She has now removed the surveillance program from all Achilles Corporation PA912 robots in exchange for immunity from prosecution.  
  
Chief Editor Lena Ravenhill wrote in The Federal Times:  
  
"The Mars Tribune abandoned its professional ethics in its hunt for salacious headlines, thereby undermining the role of honest journalism in our society. We are relieved to see justice done.  
  
# Meet the Powers – Denton Patreus  
  
3301-07-31   
  
Meet the Powers – Denton Patreus  
  
  
  
Senator Denton Patreus is the latest subject in this sixth article from political commentator Marcus Macmillan about the movers and shakers in 3301.  
  
Senator Patreus is often seen as the muscular aspect of the Imperial Senate. He is one of the more powerful senators (although lagging behind the heavyweights of Senators Lavigny-Duval and Zamina Torval) and enjoys great loyalty from his followers. This is in part due to his record of low taxation funded through aggressive economic and military conquests.  
  
While some have accused the Senator of unethical behaviour for his strong-arm tactics, others respond that if governments put themselves into debt then they only have themselves to blame. His shrewd policies have allowed him to assemble deep credit reserves and a formidable fleet, providing him with power beyond what his standing might indicate.  
  
Hailing from Eotienses, he is a charming and charismatic leader who prefers to govern from his Majestic-class Interdictor called ‘Imperial Freedom’. During the Emperor’s illness, he called for the Imperial throne to pass along lines of popularity rather than blood. Since the Emperor’s recovery he has steadfastly supported Hengist Duval, but many wonder if this attempted break from tradition has limited his popularity in the wider population.  
  
# Community Goal: Restoring Order in Arque  
  
3302-08-18   
  
Authorities in the Arque system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, Arque Commodities has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the system, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Austen Town Station.  
  
The campaign begins on the 18th of August 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Hostilities Erupt in Loha System  
  
3304-11-22   
  
A long-standing rivalry between two factions in the Loha system has erupted into full-scale conflict.  
  
The commencement of hostilities was announced on the Vox Galactica news service by Karleen Troy, a freelance warzone reporter:  
  
"Relations were already strained when Loha Holdings accused its rivals of hijacking transport ships and murdering their crews. After the New Loha Party claimed this was a false flag operation designed to discredit them, diplomacy was rapidly replaced by weapons fire.  
  
"Since neither side has an extensive fleet, both Loha Holdings and the New Loha Party have appealed for support. I've received word that they're offering substantial rewards to independent combat pilots who can aid them in this conflict.  
  
The two factions have set out week-long operations to take control of the system, which will begin on the 22nd of November 3304.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-07-31   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,787 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
HIP 117958 Netcoms and Co  
  
Turot Creative Industries  
  
Badbadzist Freedom Party  
  
Varati Independent Union  
  
Konohi Empire League  
  
T'ieni Blue Galactic Group  
  
Vertsety Network  
  
Sakthau PLC  
  
Nyikan Co  
  
Marquis du Chao T'ien  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Generation Ships  
  
3302-08-19   
  
Continuing our popular series on significant episodes from human history, noted historian Sima Kalhana discusses generation ships.  
  
"Before the development of faster-than-light travel, colonising distant star systems was a profoundly difficult proposition. For the people of the 21st Century, the answer was the generation ship. These vast interstellar arks, equipped with everything needed to sustain human life, were crewed by multiple successive generations – pioneers who were born, lived and died aboard a starship.  
  
"The first generation ship was launched in 2097, and in the centuries that followed, many more set off into the vastness of space. Most of these ambitious expeditions were funded by large corporations, and the penalties for interfering with them were severe, given the enormous cost of mobilising them.  
  
"At the time of writing, there are believed to be somewhere in the region of 70,000 generation ships coursing through the galaxy. The approximate location of most of these ships has been calculated, but not all are accounted for. Many of the corporations that funded the original generation ships have now been dissolved or assimilated by other organisations, so it is difficult to determine exactly who is responsible for some of these vessels.  
  
"It has been theorised that some of the original generation ships may soon reach their destinations, but since not all of those destinations are known, it is entirely possible that they could have been colonised while the generation ships were in transit. We can only hope the powers-that-be have a contingency strategy for such a scenario.  
  
# Olelbis Holdings Appeal Concludes  
  
3304-11-22   
  
A spokesperson for Olelbis Holdings has announced that its appeal for commodities has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering goods to Polyakov Orbital, and by eliminating agitators in Olelbis, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Polyakov Orbital in the Olelbis system.  
  
# Smuggling on the Rise in Conflict-Strewn Pegasi Sector  
  
3301-07-31   
  
Smuggling on the Rise in Conflict-Strewn Pegasi Sector  
  
  
  
"Let's just say I'm not flying a small ship anymore!" laughed one Commander, pledged to the Kumo Crew, when asked about the ongoing conflict in the Pegasi sector. "We all know that these Imperial types have been flying around and ransacking ships in our space, but what have they actually achieved? Archon Delaine has consistently shown us that, under his leadership, we can repel any fleet and make an absurd number of credits in the process. Who is really losing this fight?  
  
It is certainly hard to argue with the Commander’s logic. The combined Imperial fleets have continually undermined Kumo Crew territory, but they are yet to make any significant headway into smuggler-controlled space. Reports indicate that illegal contraband has risen at alarming rates since the conflict began, and an unusually large quantity of credits has made its way into Kumo Crew space from their aggressors' territory.  
  
When asked where these seemingly never-ending credits were flowing from, the Commander had this to say: "I'm a supplier of goods, some legal and some...not-so legal. People don't care about a line in the sand – they want their trinkets and toys. War is good for business, and business is good.  
  
With no end in sight, it certainly seems one group will be making the most of the situation while it lasts.  
  
Commander Shadewarlock  
  
# Galactic News: Salomé – Pride or Prejudice?  
  
3302-08-19   
  
The Imperial Citizen has published its second editorial on Commander Salomé, who the Citizen alleges is Lady Kahina Tijani Loren, the missing Imperial senator.  
  
"According to Lady Kahina's account, she escaped a hardened gang of freedom fighters and faced down a notorious pirate lord. Is it not more likely that she colluded with these terrorists to murder her family so she could become a senator? Is it not convenient that she slaughtered these terrorists before they could be questioned, and then did the same to her mentor? And with a sword, too.  
  
"Don't forget that Kahina almost triggered a war between the Empire and the Federation. Thousands died in that battle – a battle she started. Heroine of the Prism system? Hardly. She was responsible for the largest loss of life that Imperial outpost ever saw, exceeding even her father's appalling legacy.  
  
"Not content with acquiring her father's senatorial position via her so-called 'reclamation', Lady Kahina then gallivanted around the core worlds trying to gain support in a bid to become Emperor. She soon found, however, that her self-image was out of step with reality. But did she return to her supposedly beloved homeworld? Of course not. She disappeared for several months only to reappear, as if she were the patron saint of explorers, on the far side of the galaxy in the Distant Worlds Expedition.  
  
"Along the way she engendered the support of misfits, miscreants, starry-eyed explorers and dissident organisations masquerading as legitimate factions. Why she seeks such support is not known.  
  
"Have no doubt – this so-called 'lady' is no saint. Whatever she does is solely to further her own interests, manipulating those around her as she has always done. She is clearly deluded, but her powers of persuasion are formidable. Many have sworn loyalty to her, particularly those disaffected by the politics of the core worlds.  
  
"Beautiful and charismatic she may be, but she is also a bloodthirsty, selfish and manipulative individual who will stop at nothing to achieve her goals. Do not trust a word she says.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Sirius Arrests Rogue Officers  
  
3304-11-23   
  
The Sirius Corporation has responded to the revelation that members of its private fleet coordinated a mercenary raid on the Meene system.  
  
Li Yong-Rui, CEO of Sirius Corp, told the media:  
  
"Following a thorough inquiry, we have confirmed that a cabal of junior officers, with the aid of mercenaries, orchestrated an illegal operation to gain access to Phoenix Base. Although their intentions remain unclear, I can confirm they were acting purely in their own interests, and without official knowledge.  
  
"The rogue officers, including those extradited into our custody by the Meene Defence Force, now face multiple charges, and could be imprisoned for life.  
  
"I would like to express my sincere regret over this incident, and to personally apologise to Ram Tah. I continue to hope that we can work together on further Guardian-human technology.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-07-31   
  
A Week in Powerplay  
  
  
  
It's time for another weekly report on the struggles of the foremost political powers in the galaxy. While several regions saw a more peaceful week, there have also been some big developments. Read on to find out who benefited, and who is tumbling down the rankings.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval has expanded her influence into another system with close to no opposition and fortified her space against some well-coordinated undermining by her enemies, all while providing the core of the fleet attacking Archon Delaine, showcasing her ability to project her power over the whole of inhabited space. With her administration rising to the challenge and recovering from recent turmoil, Arissa's territory is set to return to its previous growth.  
  
Aisling Duval maintains her #1 spot in galactic rankings. This is partly due to her continuing growth at a time when some of her rivals are seeing internal difficulties, and partly because the Princess enjoyed a very peaceful week, with few reports of hostile activity in her space and no opposition to her expansions. With vast resources and an efficient PR machine at her disposal, Aisling is set to keep her galactic poll standing for the foreseeable future.  
  
Zachary Hudson has lost standing this week, in part due to somewhat lacklustre expansion efforts, which saw one of his three attempted expansions stopped by hostile wings. However, the efforts of Hudson's supporters to fortify his vast territory have been remarkably successful, again showcasing the President's ability to withstand heavy undermining of his systems.  
  
Felicia Winters has seen her space come under heavy assault this week. While Winters' supporters are by now extremely proficient at defending her space against enemy undermining action, two setbacks have hurt the Shadow President's ranking this week. The attempt to expand her influence into the system of Liburodo has been stopped by overwhelming enemy action, and Edmund Mahon's expansion into Lugh has contested Felicia's hold over several other systems, further taxing her administration.  
  
Zemina Torval lost the support of several financial interests a few weeks ago, and continues to suffer from the after-effects of that, making another rise in the rankings unlikely for now. At the same time, however, Torval makes good use of limited resources, easily expanding to another system and fortifying much of her space. While the Senator continues to see only moderate enemy action in her space, she has once more suffered due to a focused strike against Tanghpon, which successfully undermined her control of that system.  
  
Denton Patreus had a very successful week. While his supporters are still directing much of their attention to Operation Davy Jones, the Senator managed to expand his influence into two more systems, and successfully fortify and even outdo Archon Delaine in the hotly contested system of Cuchua, which both men have attempted to prepare for future expansion.  
  
Edmund Mahon saw his quick rise to galactic prominence suffer some push-back this week. While his attempt to expand into Lugh was successful and his supporters successfully fortified his systems, the massive surge in enemy activity against the Alliance politician's forces may signal future difficulties, and his expansion into Lugh could trigger more conflict with Felicia Winters and Zachary Hudson. For now, however, Mahon's #3 standing is well deserved, and he enjoys a steady growth in support not enjoyed by his rivals.  
  
Li Yong-Rui expanded into no fewer than five new systems this week. This, along with his successful fortification efforts, easily justifies his rise in galactic standings. Sirius Gov has so far seen few attempts by its rivals to stop its efforts, and it's not entirely clear how the corporation will cope once it's seriously challenged, but it's clear that Li Yong-Rui's organisation will not be returning to the bottom of the galactic ranking any time soon.  
  
Archon Delaine is still in a difficult position, but his supporters have managed to limit the damage done by the Imperial attackers this week. While Operation Davy Jones succeeded in undermining the Kumo Crew's control of five key systems, better organised fortification efforts have actually left the pirate lord with more resources at his disposal than he had the week before. With no new expansions and the continuing assault by huge numbers of Imperial pilots, the pirate band is still in danger, but five weeks into the offensive they continue to resist and to test the resolve of their attackers.  
  
Pranav Antal has spread the vision of Utopia into four new systems this week. This is an unprecedented surge for what has been one of the galaxy's less prominent powers. Utopians appear to credit this unexpected push to a new group of Commanders who are currently unidentified and not in communication with the rest of Pranav Antal's forces. If that force, nicknamed by some “The Many”, continues to support the Simguru, then Antal's rise to #9 in galactic rankings might yet be sustained. Further rise may be compromised by an ambitious attempt by Utopians to establish a commune in the distant colony of Sothis, which is sure to tax the organisation's scant resources.  
  
# Galactic News: Assassination Attempt on Patreus Thwarted  
  
3302-08-20   
  
Recent reports indicate that an attempt was made on the life of Admiral Denton Patreus as he delivered a speech at Mackenzie Relay in the Cemiess system. The Imperial Internal Security Service confirmed that it apprehended three individuals carrying firearms who attempted to approach the admiral's podium.  
  
Following the incident, Admiral Patreus appeared slightly shaken but said: "I will never submit to terror. These individuals will be brought to justice.  
  
Subsequent reports identified the culprits as belonging to the organisation Emperor's Dawn, but it is rumoured that the dissidents were bankrolled and supported by a second party.  
  
"Emperor's Dawn was smashed – it's history," said a researcher for the Imperial Citizen. "Someone else was behind this – someone with a major grudge against Patreus.  
  
# Nova Imperium Demands New Emperor  
  
3304-11-24   
  
Isolationist group Nova Imperium has declared its intention to install a new Emperor.  
  
The group's leader, recently identified as ex-navy admiral Duke Kaeso Mordanticus and known as the Imperator, said:  
  
"The Empire has been weakened by collaborating with its enemies. Aegis drains our resources to protect foreign systems from the Thargoids, our security forces are stretched thin defending non-Imperial systems, and Princess Duval sullies her honourable name by dallying with a Federal libertine.  
  
"Our people demand stronger leadership. We will achieve this by installing a new Emperor – one who will restore the glory of the Empire!  
  
Political journalist Cassia Carvalho commented in The Imperial Herald:  
  
"Naturally there has been no response from Arissa Lavigny-Duval. But for many citizens, Mordanticus has articulated their unease about inter-superpower cooperation. With support for Nova Imperium increasing rapidly, a silent minority may now have found a voice.  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Sim-Archive of Antal Opens to Visitors  
  
3301-08-01   
  
The Sim-Archive of Antal Opens to Visitors  
  
  
  
For the first time in the history of Utopia, the famed Sim-Archive, located in Antal, is being opened to outside visitors.  
  
The archive is a vast collection of memories stored as sims, allowing others to relive the experiences of Utopian pilgrims in the form of vivid virtual reality experiences. In the past, those sims have been used to educate Utopians and to reform dissidents within the community.  
  
Today, pilots from across the galaxy can buy Utopian sims from the more limited, public section of the Sim-Archive. In a brief statement, Simguru Pranav Antal urged all-comers to travel to Antal.  
  
"What we are offering to our brothers and sisters throughout the galaxy is an opportunity to learn, to experience, to live through the memories of thousands. From childlike wonder, through crushing terror, to unrestrained joy, the sims we offer are not just a means of entertainment, but the purest, most direct tool for achieving empathy and consensus.  
  
# Freelance Report: Unknown Probe Transmission Decrypted by Canonn  
  
3302-08-20   
  
The Canonn Interstellar Research group has discovered, recorded and translated a tight-beam transmission from an Unknown Probe directed at Merope 5c.  
  
Research into the Probes has so far been hindered by their scarcity, but with the number of Probes found increasing, transmission analysis efforts ramped up, leading to successful decryption. The transmission was found to contain blocks of octal numbers describing planetary data such as radius, surface temperature, gravity and atmospheric composition.  
  
The nature of the 'receiver' on Merope 5c is now under investigation.  
  
Commander Muetdhiver  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-11-24   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Admiral Frederick Yamamoto has been announced as the sixth member of the Alliance Council of Admirals. The position had been vacant for months after the previous appointment, Riri McAllister, was discovered to be the coordinator of terrorist group the League of Reparation. The decision has ruffled some feathers, not least because Admiral Yamamoto is a close personal friend of President Gibson Kincaid.  
  
The Mars Tribune has been closed and its owner arrested in the wake of the spy robot scandal. The announcement was made by Detective Captain Ramesh Thorne, who was recently reinstated to, and promoted by, the Federal Security Service. Thorne assured the public that the surveillance program installed in some Achilles Corporation PA912 robots had been removed.  
  
In other news, the Sirius Corporation has responded to the revelation that members of its private fleet conducted a mercenary raid on the Meene system. Li Yong-Rui, CEO of Sirius Corp, confirmed that a cabal of junior officers had orchestrated an illegal operation to gain access to Phoenix Base. The officers now face multiple charges.  
  
Isolationist group Nova Imperium has declared its intention to install a new Emperor. The group's leader, recently identified as ex-navy admiral Duke Kaeso Mordanticus and known as the Imperator, said that the superpower had been weakened by collaborating with its enemies, and that the new Emperor would restore the glory of the Empire.  
  
Meanwhile, a long-standing rivalry between two factions in the Loha system has erupted into full-scale conflict. Relations were already strained when Loha Holdings accused its rivals of hijacking transport ships and murdering their crews. After the New Loha Party claimed this was a false flag operation designed to discredit them, diplomacy was replaced by weapons fire. Since neither side has an extensive fleet, both have appealed for support.  
  
Finally, a spokesperson for Olelbis Holdings has announced that its appeal for commodities has reached a successful conclusion. Hundreds of pilots supported the campaign by delivering goods to Polyakov Orbital, and by eliminating agitators in Olelbis, thereby ensuring the safety of traders.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Meet the Powers – Li Yong-Rui  
  
3301-08-01   
  
Meet the Powers – Li Yong-Rui  
  
  
  
Sirius Gov CEO Li Yong-Rui is the focus of this seventh article from political commentator Marcus Macmillan about the movers and shakers in 3301.  
  
In this week’s historical article from Sima Kalhana, she wrote about the founding of the Sirius Corporation. The Li dynasty’s involvement with the Sirius Corporation can be traced back to the company’s founding almost 800 years ago.  
  
By the age of 25, Yong-Rui had earned doctorates in physics, politics and economics. He was hired by Sirius straight from college. He then quickly made his way up the ranks, and at the tender age of 35, Yong-Rui was made Vice President of Forecasting.  
  
He has a proven track record in business, but has also demonstrated significant insight in the fuzzier elements and in particular how to provide effective government. With these skills he was considered the ideal candidate for Sirius Corporation’s new Sirius Gov division.  
  
# Freelance Report: Commander Salomé Hijacked in Cemiess  
  
3302-08-23   
  
Recent articles published by the Imperial Citizen may have inspired an act of violence in the Cemiess system over the weekend. Commander Nodus Cursorius of the Chapterhouse of Inquisition reported a transmission from Commander Salomé of the Children of Raxxla, indicating that her ship had been attacked by unknown forces.  
  
A transcript of Commander Salomé's distress call follows:  
  
"Heavy fire...mayday! Imperial markings! Traitors... Shields are down, we're taking damage...it's... I thought I sensed his arrogance! How dare... We're being boarded. I only have moments. Please get word to the Children of Raxxla, tell them I have new information. The Rift, Hawkin's Gap and the Conflux are connected with strange happenings in the Pleiades. They must find out before...  
  
At that point Commander Salomé's transmission was silenced. Despite a thorough search, no sign of her has yet been found.  
  
The Imperial Citizen had suggested that Commander Salomé is in fact Senator Kahina Tijani Loren of the Prism system. The publication also implied that she had engineered the events that led to her family's death in order to position herself as heiress of the Loren family dynasty.  
  
Jaiotu  
  
# Ulyanov Discusses Far God Outposts  
  
3304-11-28   
  
Exotheologian Dr Alfred Ulyanov has commented on the abandoned Far God outposts recently discovered in the Etain system:  
  
"This fascinating discovery implies that the missing chapters of the Far God sect were not arrested or killed, but instead fled to secret outposts to avoid persecution.  
  
"According to personal logs recovered from the sites, the sect's members planned to wait in suspended animation for the coming of the Far God. The logs also reveal surprising details about what motivated these individuals to devote themselves to the faith.  
  
"Evidence suggests that the settlements on Etain 4a and 4c both came under attack, but whether by Thargoids or human forces is unclear. Mysteriously, no trace remains of the inhabitants.  
  
"I am indebted to the explorers who discovered these sites. This information will significantly contribute to the book I am co-writing with Gethin Okonkwo about the Far God religion.  
  
# Fight Against Cerberus Plague Continues  
  
3301-08-02   
  
Fight Against Cerberus Plague Continues  
  
  
  
The drive to deliver quantities of Ceremonial Heike Tea to Hart Station in the Bast System continues, as the starport’s medical teams work around the clock to create as much of the Cerberus Plague antidote as they can. According to Carl Simmons, the Chief Medical Officer of Newton Dock, the rare tea is the only substance that can counter the virulent effects of the disease.  
  
Independent pilots who are in a position to help with the effort are reminded that the Union Of Bast Liberals is offering incentives to pilots who deliver Ceremonial Heike Tea, which can only be purchased in Brunel City Station in Heike, to Hart Station.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-08-24   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Thargoid-Sensor Disruption Neutralised  
  
3304-11-29   
  
Aegis has announced a breakthrough that has effectively neutralised the disruptive effects of Thargoid Sensors on starports.  
  
Henrik de Lacerda, a senior engineer at Aegis Research, told the media:  
  
"As we know, Thargoid Sensors can cripple starports for weeks or months at a time, but recent advancements in our study of meta-alloys have resulted in an effective cure for what was once called 'the technological plague'.  
  
"New procedures in the application of meta-alloys mean that extremely small quantities are now sufficient to shield systems from disruption.  
  
"Following this breakthrough, we have made arrangements to ship meta-alloys to all affected stations, to restore them to functionality. It will not be long before every starport in known space is immune to Thargoid Sensor–related interference.  
  
# Remembering the Antares Incident  
  
3301-08-02   
  
Remembering the Antares Incident  
  
  
  
Continuing GalNet’s exclusive series highlighting key events in human history, historian Sima Kalhana remembers the Antares Incident.  
  
In last week’s article about the Sirius Corporation, I described the Antares iIncident as one of the corporation’s greatest failures. Until the recent disappearance of Starship One, this was considered the most infamous spacegoing accident of all time.  
  
The Highliner Antares was to be the first of a new type of fast, comfortable liner, making a trip in hours rather than the weeks that were common at the time, and offering a previously unseen level of luxury – something we are accustomed to in the top-class liners of today. It was the first ship to use a production version of a new type of hyperdrive, a predecessor to the modern fast hyperdrives.   
  
The Antares vanished during its maiden voyage in the Sirius system in 3251, with many celebrity guests on board. The event is poignantly remembered in this quote from the Federal Times:  
  
“Your reporter watched the departure of Antares on her maiden voyage, the monolayer streamers glinting in the harsh light of Sirius as she moved gently away from the orbital habitat and out to launch range. Spacemen talk of a graveyard of lost ships, a place where all who lose their lives in the colossal drive to colonise the galaxy rest in gentle luxury.  
  
“We can be sure that the great Highliner Antares is now in their company.”  
  
The exact cause of the accident was never properly determined. The final report indicated that it was most likely caused by the unlucky failure of a single component during the start of the jump, causing a small fire in a key part of the drive that resulted in a massive explosion and consequent misjump at the same time. There were, of course, a great many fanciful explanations, too.  
  
Since the accident, no confirmed wreckage of the ship has ever been found, although several claims of discovery have been made over the years. Combined with the lack of a definitive cause, this has led to considerable speculation and many conspiracy theories concerning what actually occurred.  
  
The final safety report into the incident found there were insufficient safety precautions within the internal drive systems. This delayed the commercial introduction of these drives for several years, damaging the Sirius Corporation, and ultimately resulting in the fitting of many additional safety features to these new hyperdrives. It was later speculated that the deaths of those on the Highliner Antares effectively saved the lives of many more in the subsequent decades, as the number of ships that went missing was measurably reduced, and the new drives proved to be much more reliable than the earlier, slower drives they replaced.  
  
# Freelance Report: Buckyball Racing Club Presents Total Recall 2  
  
3302-08-25   
  
Following the success of the Total Recall race in April, the Buckyball Racing Club has once again been contacted by a leading manufacturer of SRV tyres to help improve its public profile. Pilots from remote settlements throughout human space have claimed that the latest TrakMark tyres are not fit for purpose, resulting in damage to SRVs after just a few kilometres. It's up to the Buckyball Racing Club to prove them wrong.  
  
The race, which starts in the Cernobog system, runs from the 27th of August to the 4th of September.  
  
Commander Alec Turner  
  
Buckyball Race Organiser  
  
# Hostilities in Loha Conclude  
  
3304-11-29   
  
The conflict between two rival factions in the Loha system has now come to an end.  
  
Karleen Troy, freelance warzone reporter, delivered a report for the Vox Galactica news service:  
  
"This has been a harrowing week for the people of Loha. In that time, I've witnessed acts of brutality and heroism from both sides. But now that their resources are exhausted, overall control of the system has finally been established.  
  
"For those pilots who took advantage of the conflict, this will have been a profitable exercise. Both factions have announced that pilots can now collect their rewards from Whitworth Station in the Loha system.  
  
# Meet the Powers – Zemina Torval  
  
3301-08-03   
  
Meet the Powers – Zemina Torval  
  
  
  
Senator Zemina Torval is the subject of this article from political commentator Marcus Macmillan about the movers and shakers in 3301.  
  
In many ways Senator Torval represents the solid and traditional politics of the Imperial Senate. She is seen as a paradox by some, particularly with regard to her views on Imperial slavery. She adopts the position that tradition expects but that many fail to achieve in the care of the millions of slaves from her business interests. She can be vocal in condemning those who fail to take proper care of their slaves, but she is equally open about how they form the foundation of the Empire.  
  
She takes the long and more considered approach to amassing power. She lacks the impetuousness of Patreus, but is quite willing to work with him to achieve her goals. She prefers diplomacy to force, but has a substantial military fleet capable of handling most situations.  
  
Her desire for power is more than personal ambition: she is, in a sense, the matriarch of a developing dynasty. Torval focuses her energy on building a legacy for future generations. Even though she was born wealthy, she still possesses a strong work ethic and will labour tirelessly to get things done.  
  
While her time is dominated by her senatorial responsibilities and business concerns (she is, famously, the controlling shareholder in Mastopolos Mining), Torval tries to find the time to be with family, who are very important to her. In her younger days she enjoyed hunting, but that pastime is now limited to her rivals in business and the Senate.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 Appeals for Exploration Data  
  
3302-08-25   
  
The 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 faction, an independent organisation based at Jaques Station in the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system, has issued a request for exploration data. The request is part of an ongoing initiative to establish a permanent community in the Colonia Nebula.  
  
A spokesperson for 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 released the following statement:  
  
"If we're going to settle in the Colonia Nebula then we need to know more about it, which is why we're currently offering highly competitive rates for exploration data. After all, pilots will be making the trek out to Jaques anyway – might as well make some credits en route.  
  
80 DD-D 774-CE-2 has promised to reward pilots who deliver exploration data to Jaques Station in the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system. The campaign begins on the 25th of August 3302 and will run for four weeks.  
  
# Achilles Corp Initiative  
  
3304-11-29   
  
The Achilles Corporation has announced plans to replace all robots destroyed as a result of the recent spy robot scandal.  
  
Chairman Gus Weaver of the Sol division of Achilles Corp said:  
  
"We take customer support seriously. That's why we're offering to replace – free of charge – any robots destroyed or damaged by owners who suspected them of behaving inappropriately.  
  
"To achieve this, we've asked the Adenets Pro-Alliance Bond to organise deliveries of robotics, computer components and microcontrollers to Henslow Market in the Adenets system. These will be used to produce brand new PA912 administration robots and other models.  
  
"The Adenets Pro-Alliance Bond has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering commodities can do so safely.  
  
The initiative begins on the 29th of November 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Imperial Commanders Closing in on Secret Smuggling  
  
3301-08-03   
  
Imperial Commanders Closing in on Secret Smuggling  
  
  
  
Rumour has it that several Imperial Commanders are closing in on a well-known smuggling route between the Torval and Delaine owned systems. Imperial slaves are illegal in Delaine space but sell for a small fortune on the black market. The Empire hates this because it takes what they consider indentured servants and citizens from a life of Imperial service to a life of forced labour. Commanders who use the secretive route have plenty to say about the prospect of impending Imperial intervention, with Commander Infinity+1 saying:  
  
"Ain't it funny how we're s’posed to be the bad guys, but the Empire has so many slaves they're practically giving them away!  
  
When pressed to reveal the systems he runs between, Infinity stated, "I'm not telling you about my favorite route, but let me just say thank you to the honorable Zemina Torval  
  
Profits allegedly run towards 4,000 credits per slave. Only time will tell if the Imperials can break the back of this illegal trade route and round up the smuggling ring, but one thing is certain – until the Empire fixes the problem of Archon Delaine, there will be other runs to take its place.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored to Arque  
  
3302-08-25   
  
Arque Commodities has announced that its campaign to clear the Arque system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Authorities in the Arque system have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Rewards for those who contributed to the initiative are now available for collection at Austen Town Station.  
  
# Aegis Offers Security to Ram Tah  
  
3304-11-30   
  
Aegis has stationed a security force in the Meene system to protect the engineer Ram Tah.  
  
An announcement was made by Professor Alba Tesreau:  
  
"Ram Tah's research has been enormously beneficial to our understanding of the Thargoids, and resulted in developments that aid us in the conflict. We therefore have a vested interest in protecting his work.  
  
"We have deployed a security force that will provide continual support while allowing Ram Tah's operation to remain completely independent. Hopefully this will prevent any further disruption.  
  
There has been no response from the Sirius Corporation, which recently arrested a cabal of junior officers from its private fleet for launching an incursion into Meene. Li Yong-Rui, the CEO of Sirius Corp, has allegedly withdrawn his offer to work with Ram Tah on Guardian-human technology.  
  
# A Treaty in Tatters  
  
3301-08-03   
  
A Treaty in Tatters  
  
  
  
Legate Andariel, of Aisling’s 13th Legion, has officially ended the ceasefire between the 13th Legion and Winters’ Wolves. Following a number of reports of Winters’ supporters undermining Aisling’s control systems, the Legate made the decision to dissolve the treaty. A press conference was held aboard Smoot Station in Chona, where Andariel explained his position:  
  
“It has become apparent that Winters’ Wolves, while claiming to honour the treaty, have done no such thing. I have received many reports of Winters’ supporters, some of them well known Wolves, undermining our control systems. I cannot stand by while Winters undermines all that we have worked for in the name of Aisling Duval – doing so would make the 13th Legion appear weak.”  
  
While no names have been disclosed, it is clear that these breaches of the treaty are unacceptable. The treaty was originally signed on July 17th 3301 to allow the 13th to focus on the Imperial offensive against Archon Delaine, with mixed responses from other Aisling factions. With Delaine’s forces all but melting away, it has been speculated that the 13th Legion is using false-flagging tactics to get the treaty removed so they can resume hostilities with Winters.  
  
Commander Andariel  
  
# Community Goal: More Imperial Warships  
  
3302-08-25   
  
The latest development in the ongoing Federal-Imperial conflict takes the form of a statement from Admiral Denton Patreus, who has announced plans to add three new Majestic-class Interdictors to the Imperial fleet. The announcement comes only a week after the successful conclusion of a Federal campaign to amass material for three new Farragut-class Battlecruisers.  
  
In a candid statement, Admiral Patreus said:  
  
"We cannot stand idly by while the Federation attempts to establish a monopoly over the meta-alloys. And if the Empire does not oppose the Federation, who will?  
  
"So as long as the Federation continues to expand its navy, we will continue to match it, ship for ship.  
  
The Empire has placed an open order for supplies and has authorised the Morai Nobles to reward pilots who deliver autofabricators, tantalum and superconductors to van de Hulst Vision in the Morai system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 25th of August 3302 and will run for one week. If the Empire's targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Senators Support Nova Imperium  
  
3304-12-01   
  
Several Imperial senators have spoken in support of isolationist group Nova Imperium.  
  
Senator Pal Vespasian made the following statement:  
  
"Many of us see Nova Imperium not as extremists, but as realists. The citizenry is afraid of both Thargoid invasion and of being weakened by collaboration with foreign systems. They look to the Emperor for salvation…and she offers them none.  
  
"We intend to invite Imperator Mordanticus to address the Senate and detail his policies. This is a historic opportunity to restore the Empire's honour and integrity.  
  
"Furthermore, Nova Imperium's proposal to install a new Emperor has my full backing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Five Killed in Shuttle Accident  
  
3301-08-04   
  
Five Killed in Shuttle Accident  
  
  
  
A Sirius Corporation shuttle was destroyed this morning when its docking computer failed on approach to Patterson Enterprise in the Sirius system. While such failures aren’t unheard of, they are rare, especially among smaller craft.  
  
Elaine Boyd from the Federal Times asked a Sirius Corporation representative how the company was able to determine the cause of the accident so quickly. She was told:  
  
“The telemetry from the shuttle provided clear evidence of a stall in the computer’s operation as the vessel approached the docking port. The boost protocol should have been disabled but was instead activated, causing the shuttle to crash into the station.”  
  
The representative stated that the crash would be investigated further, and in particular why the software failed in this instance.   
  
Everyone onboard the shuttle was killed including Sean Richards, a senior consultant engineer who helped to compile the incident report on the recent disappearance of Starship One. Richards had also formed part of the task force some 50 years earlier with the Antares enquiry.  
  
# Galactic News: Explorers Urged to be Cautious  
  
3302-08-26   
  
In his keynote speech at a recent conference, Karl Devene, head of the Federal Astrocartography Department, warned would-be explorers of the dangers of venturing into the void:  
  
"While there are some very well-organised expeditions, many are poorly prepared and have no goals beyond pursuing ridiculous myths echoing back from the edge of inhabited space. It is dangerous and irresponsible to venture into uncharted areas without proper discipline.  
  
"What we need is sound astrocartographic data – not a bunch of amateurs traipsing all over the place and making a complete mess of the whole situation.  
  
"I will be making deputations to various authorities to curtail these activities and leave exploration in the hands of the professionals.  
  
"If humanity finds itself in a first-contact position, do we really want some grubby, ill-prepared spacer to be our envoy? I think not.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-12-01   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Exothelogian Dr Alfred Ulyanov has commented on the abandoned Far God outposts recently discovered in the Etain system. In a statement, Dr Ulyanov said that information recovered from the sites would be invaluable to the book he is writing with Gethin Okonkwo about the Far God religion.  
  
Aegis has announced a breakthrough that has effectively neutralised the disruptive effects of Thargoid Sensors on starports. New procedures in the application of meta-alloys mean that extremely small quantities are now sufficient to shield systems from disruption, resulting in a cure for what was once called 'the technological plague'.  
  
Meanwhile, several Imperial senators have spoken in support of isolationist group Nova Imperium. Senator Pal Vespasian said that Imperator Mordanticus would be invited to address the Senate and detail his policies, and gave his backing to Nova Imperium's proposal to install a new Emperor.  
  
Aegis has stationed a security force in the Meene system to protect the engineer Ram Tah. Professor Alba Tesreau said the force would provide continual support while allowing Ram Tah's operation to remain independent. There has been no response from the Sirius Corporation, which recently arrested a cabal of officers from its private fleet for launching an incursion into Meene.  
  
The conflict between two rival factions in the Loha system has now come to an end. Freelance correspondent Karleen Troy reported that it had been a harrowing week for the people of Loha, but said that overall control of the system had finally been established.  
  
Finally, the Achilles Corporation has announced plans to replace all robots destroyed as a result of the recent spy robot scandal. The organisation has placed an open order for quantities of robotics, computer components and microcontrollers, which will be used to produce brand new PA912 administration robots.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-08-04   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 350 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Kawarawana Gold General Systems  
  
Priva Industry  
  
Bellaung Empire Pact  
  
Mullag Democrats  
  
Bunda Bridge and Co  
  
United Ngbato First  
  
Family of Wira  
  
United Barathaona Resistance  
  
Kalvante Monarchy  
  
Kutkha Free  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can reduce the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 700 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
HIP 92915 Silver Cartel  
  
He Pola Empire Pact  
  
LHS 1541 Gold Netcoms Comms  
  
Yan Musu Patron's Principles  
  
BD+47 2112 Gang  
  
Ross 129 Silver Council  
  
Noatiaca Purple Drug Empire  
  
Misisture Electronics Group  
  
Social HIP 2725 Green Party  
  
Revolutionary Party of Gluscheimr  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-08-26   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Fozard Dock, HIP 19934  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
LP 462-19, Tarelkin Dock  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni   
  
Ramsbottom Hub, Segovan  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28   
  
Ising Dock, 109 Piscium  
  
Jaques Station, Eol Prou RS-T d3-94  
  
Robigo Mines, Robigo  
  
Skvortsov Orbital, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Saunders's Dive, Wolf 1301  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
# Merger Creates Mega-Corporation  
  
3304-12-05   
  
Two eminent corporations have merged to form one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the galaxy.  
  
Allied Medical Industries, based in Alliance space, has united with Neosalve Inc., a conglomerate that supplies medicines to a great many independent systems.  
  
The new mega-corporation, Neomedical Industries, will sell a drugs, equipment and services to both Alliance and independent systems.  
  
The merger was closely monitored by the Interstellar Health Organisation (IHO), an official inter-superpower body that regulates developments in medical science.  
  
In the pharmaceutical arena, only the Vandermeer Corporation, which supplies medicines exclusively within Federal territory, is of a comparable size to the newly formed Neomedical Industries.  
  
# The Eve of the Wedding  
  
3301-08-04   
  
The Eve of the Wedding  
  
  
  
The atmosphere here on Capitol is electric. The whole city is abuzz with what some commentators have declared ‘The Wedding of the Century’. Street parties are in full swing in every Imperial system , but none compare to the grand events underway here at the birthplace of the Empire, especially within the Fragrant City as it is now known.  
  
Dignitaries from every major population centre in the Empire have arrived over the past week, and now it is the turn of the foreign dignitaries to arrive with much fanfare. Shadow President Winters is representing the Federation, her business-like attire contrasting with the bright colours of the welcoming officials.  
  
Notable by his absence was Federal President Zachary Hudson. While the Secretary of External Affairs will represent the Federation at the wedding , many have interpreted President Hudson’s absence as a slight – one that may well colour Federal and Imperial relations in the future.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Problems at MetaDrive?  
  
3302-08-27   
  
Independent auditor BigSix has reported various anomalies in the accounts of MetaDrive Inc., a company based in the Chi Orionis system specialising in hyperdrive research.  
  
Reviewing the company's financial records, assessors found evidence of a series of payments to undisclosed suppliers but none of the corresponding checks and balances.  
  
"It's a big mess," said the senior auditor of BigSix. "The company is being placed in receivership. It needs a buyer, and quickly.  
  
Femi Dakarai, the chairman of MetaDrive Inc., was not available for comment.  
  
Following the news, shares in MetaDrive Inc. plummeted. But a short time later, Sirius Corp unexpectedly volunteered to prop up the company.  
  
"We've been interested in collaboration for a while," said the marketing manager of Sirius Corp's hyperdrive research division, "and were in talks over licensing MetaDrive's exciting new technology. We have no desire to see them go under.  
  
# New Nanomedicine Announced  
  
3304-12-06   
  
Independent company Vitadyne Labs has developed an innovative new form of nanomedicine.  
  
Professor Katrien Rook published the following press release:  
  
"Nanomeds are sophisticated pharmaceuticals that use nanoscale materials to repair cell damage on a molecular level. They can heal any injury in a fraction of the normal time, and can potentially cure almost any disease and infection.  
  
"Furthermore, regular use of nanomeds affects cellular senescence, drastically slowing the ageing process. In theory, nanomed users will live between 30 and 50 years longer, and will enjoy near-perfect health during those extra decades.  
  
"After months of trials we are inviting medical authorities, including the Interstellar Health Organisation, to review our data. Pending approval, we hope to have Vitadyne nanomeds on the market soon.  
  
# Emperor Hengist Duval Dead  
  
3301-08-05   
  
Emperor Hengist Duval Dead  
  
  
  
It is with a heavy heart that we report that Emperor Hengist Duval died en route to the Imperial Navy Medical Facility near the Imperial Palace. Confirmation of the news came from Chancellor Anders Blaine, who appeared visibly upset.  
  
He confirmed that the Emperor died after being stabbed by a member of the congregation. Chancellor Blaine refused to provide any details of the attacker, but stated that a full investigation was underway.  
  
A source from the Imperial Intelligence Service told us that the attacker was a member of Senator Denton Patreus’s party attending the wedding. The Senator was unavailable for comment.  
  
In the streets, the Imperial Naval Infantry has started ushering people home as the official period of mourning begins.  
  
# Cult Requests Rare Commodities  
  
3304-12-07   
  
An obscure cult based in the Zlota system has requested a range of rare items for an arcane ceremony.  
  
A handwritten statement from Barnabas Cole, leader of a group named the Children of Tothos, was submitted to the media:  
  
"This is the rite that will unmask us and allow us to see the path – the path we will all take, together, toward freedom."  
  
Zlota Federal Holdings, which is thought to have some connection to the cult, has requested Aganippe Rush, Motrona Experience Jelly and Onion Head to be delivered to Nusslein-Volhard Settlement in the Zlota system. It has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to protect those delivering these rare commodities.  
  
The initiative begins on the 6th of December 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: Enigmatic Message Received  
  
3302-08-28   
  
News feeds throughout the galaxy have received a mysterious message from an as-yet undetermined source.  
  
The message, which is reprinted in full below, appears to contain an oblique reference to a particular location, but the nature of the communiqué makes it hard to determine exactly what it refers to.  
  
"We've found something. Something incredible. Something the whole galaxy will want to see. The truth.  
  
"We could show it to you, but that wouldn't be much fun. So instead we're going to play a little game.  
  
"It begins on the 28th. We'll be waiting for you.  
  
The Federal Security Service, aware that the message will pique the interest of the galactic community, said:  
  
"Frankly, I suspect this is some kind of hoax, but there will inevitably be some who attempt to unravel the mystery. All we can do is urge them to exercise caution.  
  
# Emperor Hengist Duval Attacked During Wedding  
  
3301-08-05   
  
Emperor Hengist Duval Attacked During Wedding  
  
  
  
The city is in a state of shock following news that the Emperor was attacked by a high-ranking official during the wedding ceremony.  
  
Details of the attack are scant at the moment as a total comms blackout was imposed throughout the immediate area following the incident. One of our sources has indicated that the assailant was killed, but that he managed to injure the Emperor before he died. We do not know how serious the Emperor’s injuries are, but our hope is that he makes a swift recovery.  
  
Along the route of the procession, millions of citizens and slaves who had been celebrating the grand occasion wait in stunned silence for news of their beloved Emperor. We wait with them.  
  
# Galactic News: Prospects for Malfunctioning Starports Improving  
  
3302-08-30   
  
Technical personnel at New Dawn Station in the Ceos system have announced a breakthrough in the ongoing fight against the so-called technological plague.  
  
Tag Arthurs, head of the starport's technical team, released the following statement to news feeds:  
  
"Although our understanding of meta-alloys remains incomplete, we are now able to apply them much more efficiently. Consequently, we now need much smaller quantities of meta-alloys to return a malfunctioning starport to functionality – half as much as we used to, in fact.  
  
"We've also determined that the week immediately following the first signs of Unknown Artefact-related interference is a critical one. If an affected starport can be supplied with meta-alloys within that week, it is far less likely that the situation at the starport will worsen.  
  
# Nova Imperium Unveils Figurehead  
  
3304-12-07   
  
Isolationist group Nova Imperium has revealed its choice for Emperor – an eighteen year old man named Hadrian Augustus Duval.  
  
The group's leader, Imperator Mordanticus, broadcast this message:  
  
"It is incumbent upon me to reveal that Hengist Duval fathered not one but two illegitimate children in his younger days. A few years before meeting Florence Lavigny, he had a brief affair with a slave in the Imperial household. When Hengist's father discovered this, the matter was hushed up and the slave dismissed. The slave's son went on to sire a child of his own: Hadrian Duval, grandson of Emperor Hengist Duval. Hadrian was unaware of this until we located him and genetically confirmed his lineage.  
  
"Arissa Lavigny-Duval is a weak Emperor who must be removed. We call for Hadrian Duval to be recognised as the true heir to the throne!  
  
The Imperial Herald's political journalist Cassia Carvalho observed:  
  
"This announcement has shaken the Empire to its very foundations. Having Hadrian as a figurehead has rallied those hardliners more comfortable with the idea of a male Emperor. With a single stroke, Nova Imperium has gained considerable credibility and massively increased its support.  
  
## Hadrian Augustus Duval  
  
## Empire  
  
# Morning of the Wedding  
  
3301-08-05   
  
Morning of the Wedding  
  
  
  
Even though the ceremony won’t start until midday, well-wishers have been lining the procession route throughout the night to ensure they have a good position. The weather here is clear and warm for this auspicious day, and billions of people are expected to watch the event live through syndicated entertainment feeds. Even the people of the Alliance have been getting into the spirit of the celebrations by adding shiny accessories to their usually dreary ‘fashions’.   
  
The Imperial Navy is out in force, with the Naval Infantry in their finest dress whites providing security and a spectacle along the route. This reporter was lucky enough to walk the route with the elite guards who had been selected to escort the procession. When asked what this task meant to her, Sergeant Jenner replied:  
  
“Well, obviously this is the greatest honour of our careers. I’ve served in the Naval Infantry for over 30 years and this is simply amazing. Most of the troops will admit that, although they signed up for combat duty, being assigned ceremonial duties of this nature makes them proud.”  
  
# Galactic News: Mysterious Wreckage Discovered  
  
3302-08-31   
  
A pair of independent pilots by the names of Noctrach and Ihazevich has discovered the remains of what appears to be a starship on planet 9a of the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system. The discovery represents the culmination of a galaxy-wide hunt coordinated by the 'Granger Gang' – a band of miscreants led by the smuggler and bounty hunter Otto Granger.  
  
The event began with a cryptic message delivered by Granger to news feeds throughout the galaxy. This was followed by a series of enigmatic clues, inserted into news channels at a number of starports.  
  
Solving these clues led pilots to the three members of the Granger Gang: Otto Granger, Mahina Dillon and Logan Khol. When confronted, Granger and his companions claimed to have made a discovery of profound importance, but they refused to reveal the nature or location of this discovery.  
  
Instead, each member of the gang said they would issue a request for a specific commodity, promising to reveal further information if they received what they asked for. Logan Khol's subsequent request for narcotics was enthusiastically received by the galactic community, and when his targets were met, a further clue was released:  
  
"The latitude was -26 and it was a cold moon in the Pleiades sector with the letters 'AB' in its name.  
  
Although the Granger Gang planned to release further clues, they were quickly rendered redundant. Within hours of Khol releasing his information to the public, Commanders Noctrach and Ihazevich discovered the mysterious wreckage.  
  
Commentators throughout the galaxy have been quick to offer their opinions on this remarkable discovery.  
  
"I'm familiar with every starship design of the past fifty years, and most of the older ones, too," said Augustus Sym, an Imperial veteran and former test pilot based in the Achenar system, "and I've never seen anything like it. There's no doubt in my mind – that is an alien ship.  
  
Others have adopted a more cautious stance, while acknowledging that the find could be significant. Professor Ishmael Palin, a leading authority on xeno-biological research, said:  
  
"I have always been open to the possibility of intelligent non-human life, and this wreck may indeed be an alien vessel. But I will withhold judgement until further evidence is released, or at least until I have an opportunity to inspect the site myself!  
  
# Achilles Corp Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-12-07   
  
A goodwill initiative from the Achilles Corporation has now concluded.  
  
Chairman Gus Weaver of the Sol division of Achilles Corp announced:  
  
"Thanks to the dedication of many independent traders, we have now acquired enough commodities to manufacture replacements for all robots destroyed in the wake of the spy robot scandal.  
  
"I'd also like to remind our customers that the illegal surveillance program was safely deleted by our latest coreware update. Remember, you can always trust Achilles.  
  
The deliveries were organised by the Adenets Pro-Alliance Bond, which also arranged to protect traders from attack. Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Henslow Market in the Adenets system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-08-05   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT) the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for any of the powers should ensure they deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time for their activities to be registered.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-08-31   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# New Nanomedicine Announced  
  
3304-12-07   
  
Independent company Vitadyne Labs has developed an innovative new form of nanomedicine.  
  
Professor Katrien Rook published the following press release:  
  
"Nanomeds are sophisticated pharmaceuticals that use nanoscale materials to repair cell damage on a molecular level. They can heal any injury in a fraction of the normal time, and can potentially cure almost any disease and infection.  
  
"Furthermore, regular use of nanomeds affects cellular senescence, drastically slowing the ageing process. In theory, nanomed users will live between 30 and 50 years longer, and will enjoy near-perfect health during those extra decades.  
  
"After months of trials we are inviting medical authorities, including the Interstellar Health Organisation, to review our data. Pending approval, we hope to have Vitadyne nanomeds on the market soon.  
  
# Pirates Targeting Medical Supply Ships  
  
3301-08-05   
  
Pirates Targeting Medical Supply Ships  
  
  
  
According to officials at Hart Station, medical supply ships transporting the Cerberus Plague antidote from the starport are being targeted by pirates. Naturally, these attacks are substantially undermining attempts to eliminate the disease, which continues to affect a number of systems. One official said:  
  
“It’s just despicable. I wouldn’t expect compassion from pirates, of course. But don’t they understand that this affects them, too? If the Cerberus Plague isn’t eliminated, it could spread to every corner of the galaxy. Everyone will suffer, even the pirates. Do they think they’re immune or something?”  
  
In an effort to combat the threat posed by the pirates, the Union of Bast Liberals has started offering rewards to those who eliminate any of the pirate vessels. With luck, this will allow the medical ships to deliver the cure to those who so desperately need it.  
  
# Galactic News: United Research Council Announces New Programme  
  
3302-09-01   
  
The United Research Council, one of the galaxy's largest independent scientific organisations, has announced an ambitious new research programme.  
  
The programme, which is expected to last approximately six weeks, will initially encompass all systems within a 30 light-year radius of the Coritab, Darian, Freng and Lunduwalaya systems. Other systems may be added to the list as the programme progresses.  
  
The Alliance, the Empire and the Federation have all agreed to grant the Council exclusive access to these systems for the duration of its research programme. Civilian and military traffic will be free to traverse the region, but pilots pledged to one of the galaxy's major powers will be unable to lay claim to these systems while the project is active.  
  
Professor Ray Miller, director of the organisation, elaborated on the nature of the exercise:   
  
"The programme is in most respects unremarkable – we will be monitoring radiation levels, recording the positions of celestial bodies, and so on – but it is also highly sensitive. The passage of a single ship will not disturb our experiments, but large-scale activity could prove highly disruptive.  
  
"We thank the galactic community in advance for its understanding.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Mysteries of the Far God  
  
3304-12-08   
  
Journalist Gethin Okonkwo has discussed the abandoned Far God cult outposts in the Etain system:  
  
"During my months undercover as a Far God worshipper, I heard only whispered rumours about secret outposts. So the existence of two such settlements, on Etain 4a and 4c, proves that much remained hidden from me.  
  
"The personal logs recovered from the outposts illustrate how the faith attracted people from varied backgrounds. I was astonished to hear the voice of a man with whom I once eagerly discussed the Far God's arrival, never realising that he was a Federal agent whose devotion was as fake as my own.  
  
"The book I am co-writing with Dr Alfred Ulyanov will reveal much about the Far God religion, but it's clear that many of its mysteries are yet to be uncovered.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-08-05   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report indicates some of the minor factions enduring significant health issues such as famine and outbreaks (*).  
  
Outbreaks have been reported by the following minor factions:  
  
Rajukru   
  
HIP 10175   
  
Amahu  
  
Leerham  
  
Cantjarisni   
  
BD-11 4280  
  
Louguala  
  
Like famines, outbreaks cause a major disruption to the inhabitants’ standard of living. Resupply of medicines and related trade contracts are needed to end the outbreak. Due to the state of emergency combat missions and activities provide no effect on influence.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Freelance Report: Mysterious Wreck could be an Artefact of the Past  
  
3302-09-01   
  
The discovery of what appears to be the remains of a non-human spacecraft has sent ripples of fear and curiosity through the galaxy.  
  
"Many are speculating that this is evidence of recent Thargoid activity," said Professor Steven Eisler of the Okinura Xenobiology Institute, "but it's more likely that the wreckage dates from our first encounters with the Thargoids.  
  
"What I find disturbing are the messages and clues that led to this xeno-archaeological find. Someone is deliberately preying on mankind's fear of the unknown, and they need to be held accountable for their actions.  
  
Jaiotu  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-12-08   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Two corporations have merged to form one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the galaxy. Allied Medical Industries has united with Neosalve Inc. to create Neomedical Industries, which will sell drugs, equipment and services to both Alliance and independent systems.  
  
Independent company Vitadyne Labs has developed new pharmaceuticals that use nanoscale materials to repair cell damage on a molecular level. The company claims the nanomeds can heal injury in a fraction of the normal time, and even slow the ageing process. The Interstellar Health Organisation is reviewing the new medicines.  
  
Nova Imperium has revealed its choice for Emperor – an eighteen year old man named Hadrian Augustus Duval. The group claims that Duval is the grandson of former emperor Hengist Duval, and that he has a legitimate claim to the Imperial throne. The group's leader, Imperator Mordanticus, has called for Hadrian to replace Arissa Lavigny-Duval.  
  
Journalist Gethin Okonkwo has commented on the Far God outposts found in the Etain system, saying that the logs recovered from the outposts illustrated how the faith attracted people from varied backgrounds. Okonkwo also said that the book he is writing with Dr Alfred Ulyanov would reveal much about the Far God religion.  
  
An obscure cult based in the Zlota system has requested a range of rare items for an arcane ceremony. A handwritten statement from Barnabas Cole, leader of a group named the Children of Tothos, elaborated on the nature of the ceremony. Zlota Federal Holdings, which is thought to have some connection to the cult, is overseeing the initiative.  
  
Finally, a goodwill initiative from the Achilles Corporation has concluded. Chairman Gus Weaver of Achilles confirmed that the company had acquired enough commodities to manufacture replacements for the robots destroyed in the wake of the spy robot scandal. He also reminded consumers that the surveillance program at the heart of the scandal was safely deleted by the company's latest coreware update.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Official Period of Mourning Begins  
  
3301-08-06   
  
Official Period of Mourning Begins  
  
  
  
Chancellor Anders Blaine held a press conference in front of the entrance to the Hall of Martyrs and declared the beginning of the official period of mourning for Emperor Hengist Duval:  
  
“It is my solemn duty to officially mark the first day of the four-week period of mourning for our beloved Emperor. As is customary, the body of the Emperor will be placed in the vestibule of the Hall of Martyrs for public viewing and the paying of respect.”  
  
The Chancellor refused to answer questions from the assembled reporters concerning the investigation into the assassination. When asked about the succession, he replied that the matter will be handled in the Senate once the funeral has taken place.  
  
Following tradition, the Chancellor and invited dignitaries wore the black sash of mourning. These will be worn throughout the mourning period and then burned during the internment ceremony.  
  
The Hall of Martyrs was constructed over 600 years ago following the victory against the Federation in the first conflict between the two superpowers. It is open to the public only during the mourning period of those who are to be entombed there. The vast and exquisitely crafted hall beneath the Imperial Palace contains 16,032 obsidian pillars, and only the most honoured members of Imperial society are laid to rest there.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Introducing the Codex  
  
3304-12-11   
  
A new networked database system named the Codex has been released to the galactic community.  
  
The Codex is a joint initiative from the Pilots Federation and Universal Cartographics, which issued the following joint statement:  
  
"We are pleased to announce that the Codex has been automatically uploaded to the onboard systems of all vessels registered with the Pilots Federation.  
  
"The Commander section of the Codex collates all ship data, including the pilot's personal achievements, while the Knowledge Base contains information on the galaxy's most prominent organisations and individuals.  
  
"The Discoveries section is designed to support deep-space exploration. As well as cataloguing stellar bodies and other phenomena, it also logs confirmed and unconfirmed findings from fellow explorers.  
  
"We hope the Codex will prove valuable to all Commanders, and we look forward to it being updated with their findings.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: LFT 133 in Need  
  
3302-09-01   
  
The AEF Legion of LFT 133 has issued an appeal to the galactic community for help in compiling an order of gold. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the LFT 133 system to ensure that those delivering gold can do so safely.  
  
Pilots who deliver gold to Sullivan Dock, and who help neutralise the agitators operating in the LFT 133 system, will be rewarded.  
  
The campaign begins on 1st of September 3302 and will run for one week. If final targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-08-06   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,997 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Bangwa Independents  
  
United HIP 63530 League  
  
Labour of Deiva  
  
Krinbea Corporation  
  
Krinbea Blue Transport Comms  
  
Atuate Dynamic Co  
  
Wilingura Natural Services  
  
Ts'ao Hii Federal and Co  
  
Ts'ao Hii PLC  
  
Atung Mussa Purple Comms Ind  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Colonia Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-09-01   
  
The 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 faction has announced that its campaign to establish a new outpost in the Colonia Nebula has received the unqualified support of the galactic community. Hundreds of independent pilots responded to the appeal, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Jaques Station, the organisation's base of operations.  
  
In a statement, a spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"Future generations will look back on this day as the dawn of a new era. An era defined not by conflict, but by unity. An era in which we made the Colonia Nebula our home.  
  
# Mamba and Krait Phantom Released  
  
3304-12-11   
  
Two new ships marketed towards independent pilots, the Mamba and the Krait Phantom, have just hit the market.  
  
Zorgon Peterson issued the following press release for its new vessel:  
  
"If it's speed and firepower you want, the Mamba is for you. Based on a racing prototype, it's the fastest commercially available starship, and it sports enough hardpoints for a range of devastating weaponry. Whether you're leaving competitors in the dust or running rings around those pesky Thargoids, think Mamba!  
  
Faulcon DeLacy also released a statement for its latest design:  
  
"The Krait Phantom offers true multi-role capability, allowing it to be customised for combat, mining or trading. And for explorers, its impressive jump range means you really can reach out to the stars. This is a ship that can handle it all.  
  
# Gutamaya Shipyards Reinstates Restrictions  
  
3301-08-06   
  
Gutamaya Shipyards Reinstates Restrictions  
  
  
  
Last month, Gutamaya Shipyards temporarily lifted the rank-related restrictions on the Imperial Clipper and Imperial Courier, thereby allowing any independent pilot with an active rank in the Imperial Navy to purchase and fly one of the vessels. Following news of the Emperor’s assassination, however, Gutamaya Shipyards has decided to withdraw this offer, and to reinstate the default restrictions on all their ships.  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Initiative Comes to an End  
  
3302-09-01   
  
Admiral Denton Patreus has announced that the Imperial appeal for construction materials has reached a successful conclusion. A spokesperson for the Morai Nobles, which helped to coordinate the campaign, confirmed that scores of Imperial pilots supported the initiative to construct three new Majestic-class Interdictors by delivering supplies to van de Hulst Vision in the Morai system.  
  
As the campaign concluded, Admiral Patreus issued a statement:  
  
"Once again, the galaxy's Imperial pilots have shown themselves to be industrious and resourceful.   
  
It is individuals like you who make the Empire what it is.  
  
"Construction of the new ships will begin at once.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from de Hulst Vision.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Hadrian Duval Addresses the Empire  
  
3304-12-13   
  
Hadrian Augustus Duval, the long-lost grandson of Emperor Hengist Duval, has broadcast a message to the Empire:  
  
"I am no wealthy senator from an entitled family, but someone who has lived an ordinary life. Someone who understands the hardships faced by many Imperial citizens.  
  
"As Hadrian Jansen, I was a poor child with no family other than my father. Together we scraped a living as independent traders. He never spoke of his past – not even when he died two years ago. That was when I inherited his ship and became a Commander myself.  
  
"When Imperator Mordanticus informed me of my heritage, I knew I had to accept my identity as a Duval. I've seen how diminished the Empire has become, and I know that new leadership is sorely needed.  
  
"I ask you to honour the legacy of the Duval bloodline. With Nova Imperium, let's save the Empire we love.  
  
## Hadrian Augustus Duval  
  
## Empire  
  
# Further Outbreaks of Cerberus Plague  
  
3301-08-06   
  
Further Outbreaks of Cerberus Plague  
  
  
  
While medical teams across the galaxy work to deliver the Cerberus Plague antidote to systems affected by the disease, fresh outbreaks of the pathogen are appearing in other systems. According to recent reports, the following systems are currently affected by the Cerberus Plague:  
  
Altair  
  
39 Tauri  
  
Kamorin  
  
Delta Phoenicis   
  
Kappa Ophiuchi   
  
Murung   
  
LTT 14850   
  
Gali   
  
Cauani   
  
LTT 6705  
  
Watha  
  
Asgaa  
  
Svent  
  
Any independent pilots who wish to help are encouraged to eliminate the pirates targeting medical supply convoys in the Bast system. The Union of Bast Liberals is currently offering rewards to pilots who destroy these pirates.  
  
# Galactic News: Eol Prou Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-09-02   
  
Last month, the 80 DD-D 774-CE-2 faction launched an ambitious four-week initiative to amass material for a new planetary outpost in the Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 system. The campaign was a resounding success, attracting pilots from across the galaxy and resulting in the accumulation of thousands of tonnes of osmium for use in the construction.  
  
In a statement, the organisation's spokesperson said:  
  
"We're real pleased with the response, and we're going to start work on the outpost just as soon as we can.  
  
The spokesperson was asked why he thought the galactic community was so eager to establish a permanent presence in Eol Prou RS-T d3-94.  
  
"Well the way I see it, people are getting tired of the superpowers and their petty disputes. As a species, we've come a mighty long way – it'd be a real shame if all that progress amounted to was a fight over territory and resources.  
  
"People want to make a fresh start, and they're thinking Eol Prou could be just the place to do it.  
  
# Children of Tothos Initiative Concludes  
  
3304-12-13   
  
An initiative to deliver rare commodities to an esoteric cult in the Zlota system has concluded.  
  
Independent traders provided Aganippe Rush, Motrona Experience Jelly and Onion Head for a ceremony to be performed by the Children of Tothos. Other pilots protected the rare goods from being taken by pirates.  
  
Barnabas Cole, leader of the Children of Tothos, gave another handwritten message to the media:  
  
"By helping us, you free yourselves. You will feel the light of our testament fill you, just as it fills the heavens."  
  
The initiative was organised by Zlota Federal Holdings, which allegedly counts some high-ranking officials as cult members. Contributing pilots can now collect their rewards from Nusslein-Volhard Settlement in the Zlota system.  
  
# Fight Against Cerberus Plague Gains Ground  
  
3301-08-06   
  
Fight Against Cerberus Plague Gains Ground  
  
  
  
The fight against the Cerberus Plague, which to date has claimed thousands of lives, appears to be gaining ground. Following the efforts of medical teams to deliver the antidote to systems affected by the disease, reports have reached us that the plague has been eradicated from the following systems:  
  
Dajoar   
  
Bastes   
  
Maheou Ti-   
  
Eleu-   
  
Ochoeng   
  
20 Ophiuchi   
  
Una  
  
Santjalan  
  
BD-02 4304  
  
Chongguls  
  
Xamentii  
  
G 139-50  
  
Meanwhile, the effort to help those suffering from the disease continues.  
  
# Freelance Report: Out of Reach, Not Out of Mind  
  
3302-09-02   
  
Following recent reports of a possible alien wreck in the Pleiades, the Canonn Interstellar Research Group has released further information about the Unknown Probe.  
  
Shortly after planetary data was found in the Probe's tight-beam transmission, a message was sent to the Canonn from a pilot by the name of Commander Wace. It read: "The headerless octal number - it is distance compared to Merope!  
  
A list of data followed, obtained by monitoring the Unknown Probe in different systems. The octal number was shown to steadily decrease as Commander Wace neared the permit-locked Col 70 Sector.  
  
In an impressive display of field mathematics, Commander Wace pin-pointed the Col 70 Sector FY-N C21-3 system as the Probe's 'zero point'. Unfortunately, the Canonn is prevented from further investigation of the system by the permit lock of the Col 70 Sector.  
  
Commander Han Zen  
  
# Battle Commences in Wally Bei System  
  
3304-12-13   
  
Conflict has erupted between two opposing factions in the Wally Bei system.  
  
Hostilities were triggered after Wally Bei Technical claimed to have discovered stolen food shipments aboard their rival's transport vessels. The faction's spokesperson said:  
  
"Robbing innocent people of vital supplies is nothing less than an act of war, and we are treating it as such.  
  
This was denied in an official response by Traditional Wally Bei Constitution Party :  
  
"This outrageous accusation is intended to drive off our trade partners and damage our economy. We won't tolerate such slander!  
  
Military leaders from both Wally Bei Technical and the Traditional Wally Bei Constitution Party have issued calls to independent combat pilots, offering rewards for their support.  
  
The two factions have set out week-long operations that will begin on the 13th of December 3304.  
  
# Cerberus Plague Continues to Affect Starports  
  
3301-08-06   
  
Cerberus Plague Continues to Affect Starports  
  
  
  
Although a cure for the Cerberus Plague has been found, the disease has not yet been eradicated, and it continues to wreak havoc in certain systems.  
  
The following systems have been affected by the plague:  
  
Cantjarisni  
  
Rajukru  
  
HIP 10175  
  
Amahu  
  
Leerham  
  
BD-11 4280  
  
Louguala  
  
In these systems, the following station services are unavailable:  
  
Re-arming  
  
Market  
  
Bulletin board  
  
Docking  
  
Shipyard  
  
Outfitting  
  
Black market  
  
Authorities in these systems have reported that services will remain offline until the Cerberus Plague has been either contained or eliminated.  
  
# Freelance Report: We Should Have Listened to Dr Lorax  
  
3302-09-02   
  
Six months have elapsed since Doctor Elana Lorax warned against the exploitation of the non-human structures commonly called barnacles. In her plea, she noted that aggressive harvesting could jeopardise efforts to produce a viable synthetic alternative to meta-alloys.   
  
Despite President Zachary Hudson's claim that the purpose of the Federal deputation in the Merope system is to protect the non-human structures, independent pilots report that the system's barnacles have been entirely depleted.  
  
Commander Vindicator Jones shared his observations:  
  
"Just went to Merope 5c to check out the barnacles. They've been destroyed. I've tried visiting several, but they're all barren.  
  
It is not known why the Federation has acted inversely to its stated objectives, particularly given President Hudson's acknowledgement that the barnacles may possess some form of sentience.  
  
Doctor Lorax could not be reached for comment, but it is becoming increasingly clear that we should have heeded her warnings.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-12-14   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
A new networked system named the Codex has been released to the galactic community.  
  
The Codex is a joint initiative from the Pilots Federation and Universal Cartographics, which announced that the system had been automatically uploaded to all vessels registered with the Pilots Federation.  
  
Two new ships marketed towards independent pilots have been released. The Mamba, from Zorgon Petersen, is reputedly one of the fastest ships in production, while the Krait Phantom, manufactured by Faulcon DeLacy, has been envisaged as a multi-role vessel.  
  
Hadrian Augustus Duval, the long-lost grandson of Emperor Hengist Duval, has broadcast a message to the Empire in which he emphasised his humble background and stressed that he had lived an ordinary life. He concluded with the words: "I've seen how diminished the Empire has become, and I know that new leadership is sorely needed.  
  
Meanwhile, the Interstellar Health Organisation has delivered a preliminary report on the nanomedicines recently developed by Vitadyne Labs. The report states that Vitadyne's nanomeds are more sophisticated and reliable than any existing product, and that Vitadyne's data regarding healing, disease treatment and extension of longevity has been verified.  
  
In other news, conflict has erupted between two factions in the Wally Bei system. Hostilities were triggered after the Wally Bei Technical claimed to have discovered stolen food shipments aboard their rival's transport vessels. This was denied in an official response by Traditional Wally Bei Constitution Party. Military leaders from both factions have issued calls to independent combat pilots, offering rewards for their support.  
  
Finally, an initiative to deliver rare commodities to an esoteric cult in the Zlota system has concluded. Barnabas Cole, leader of the Children of Tothos, submitted a handwritten message to the media that read: "By helping us, you free yourselves. You will feel the light of our testament fill you, just as it fills the heavens.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Children of Liberty call out Alliance Hypocrisy  
  
3301-08-07   
  
Children of Liberty call out Alliance Hypocrisy  
  
  
  
A group calling itself the 'Children of Liberty' has made a public statement concerning the Alliance and what they call its “rampant hypocrisy”. The group claims that a "huge gulf" exists between the Alliance's professed goals and values and the reality present in many of its member systems.  
  
"For an organization that purports to be devoted to the ideals of liberty and self-determination", the release stated, "the Alliance certainly tolerates a great deal of despotism and tyranny within its own borders. It's about time the Alliance addressed the rampant hypocrisy of allowing dictatorships – as well as other restrictive, undemocratic forms of government – membership into their supposed bastion of freedom and liberty.  
  
The statement went on to list a number of Alliance-sponsored autocracies in various systems, and called on the Alliance and its supporters to sponsor serious democratic reform in said systems by backing democratically-aligned factions over autocratic ones.  
  
Commander Virgil Kyle  
  
# Freelance Report: August Exodus Ends with a Bang  
  
3302-09-02   
  
On the 30th of August 3302, the August Exodus came to end with dozens of independent pilots assembling outside Jaques Station for photos and general tomfoolery.  
  
Despite a few explosions, revellers enjoyed a race on the track that will host the first official event of the newly established Colonia Citizens Network on the 4th of September.  
  
The August Exodus team issued a statement saying: "With the establishment of this colony, our wildest dreams have come true. We would like to extend our sincere gratitude to all those who took part in this endeavour. This could not have happened without your help.  
  
Commander unrealization  
  
# Positive Response to Vitadyne Nanomeds  
  
3304-12-14   
  
The Interstellar Health Organisation (IHO) has delivered a preliminary report on the nanomedicines recently developed by Vitadyne Labs. The summary stated:  
  
"Nanomedicine is a carefully regulated branch of medical science, with little scope for public application, but Vitadyne's nanomeds are more sophisticated and reliable than any existing product. Furthermore, Vitadyne's data regarding healing, disease treatment and extension of longevity has been verified.  
  
"Having confirmed the product's effectiveness, IHO teams are now conducting independent tests with patients.  
  
Media outlet Vox Galactica published this viewpoint from healthcare analyst Dr Himari Grey:  
  
"The pharmaceutical industry is astonished that a small company like Vitadyne could produce something so advanced. Professor Katrien Rook's credentials are impeccable, of course, but this is a work of genius. These nanomeds could be the most exciting thing in medicine for decades.  
  
# Chancellor Blaine Issues Statement  
  
3301-08-07   
  
Chancellor Blaine Issues Statement  
  
  
  
With no clear successor to the Emperor, Chancellor Blaine has accepted the task of governing the Empire until the succession has been determined. He reiterated his statement that the matter would be resolved after Emperor’s funeral. He then revealed more about the investigation into the regicide:  
  
“Officers from the Imperial Guard and Imperial Intelligence Security Service have begun their investigation and are being provided with the resources they need.  
  
“The assassin has been identified as Brendan Paul Darius. Senator Patreus has confirmed that the man was a member of his entourage, and the Senator is helping with the investigation. Darius killed the Emperor in a savage attack using a concealed blade, and a separate investigation has been launched to determine how he was able to sneak a weapon into the Emperor’s presence.  
  
“Darius was killed by the Emperor’s Guard during the attack, and we have as yet been unable to determine his motive for the murder.”  
  
For the remainder of the session, the gathered senators offered support and words of condolence to the Imperial family.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: High-Ranking Imperial Implicated in Assassination Plot  
  
3302-09-02   
  
Sources in the Achenar system have revealed that an individual identified only as 'a senior member of the Imperial hierarchy' has been arrested in connection with the recent assassination attempt on Admiral Denton Patreus.  
  
Although the individual's identity is not known, a security officer let slip that the person in question is "no stranger to controversy". The suspect is believed to have been placed under house arrest.  
  
Speculation abounds as to the identity of the individual and to the evident instability within the Imperial power base.  
  
"A house divided against itself cannot stand," quipped one Imperial patron, who asked not to be identified. "History teaches us that much.  
  
# Call to Ban Far God Book  
  
3304-12-19   
  
Disgraced politician Juanita Bishop has called for a forthcoming book about the Far God sect to be banned:  
  
"The authors, Ulyanov and Okonkwo, are known alien sympathisers. One was arrested as a suspected traitor and the other has admitted to being a Far God cultist!  
  
"What they're writing is nothing more than pro-Thargoid propaganda. It is an insult to all the brave souls who died trying to keep us safe. The authorities need to prevent this book from contaminating innocent people with its repulsive ideas.  
  
Journalist Gethin Okonkwo, who spent months undercover in the Far God sect, responded:  
  
"The book includes first-hand accounts of worshippers being attacked by Bishop's followers. Her desperation to halt its publication is nothing more than an attempt to prevent a criminal investigation into her activities.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-08-07   
  
A Week in Powerplay  
  
  
  
After an exciting week it’s time for another report on the political manoeuvrings and struggles of the galaxy’s most prominent political players. Hostilities have flared up, so read on to find out who benefitted from the chaos and who has been a victim of it.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval used this week to recover from the turmoil her administration had fallen into, with her supporters preparing several systems for expansion and undertaking widespread fortification throughout her space. This impressive defensive effort has assured Arissa’s rise to the #1 spot in the GalNet rankings, despite the successful enemy undermining of Cook and He Xingo.  
  
Aisling Duval has suffered an unexpected drop to #3 in the galactic rankings this week. An increase in hostile activity in Aisling’s space, and the successful enemy action in her system of Syntheng, has pushed her administration into turmoil. This downturn in the face of a relatively minor offensive on her space calls into question Aisling’s ability to maintain control over her rapidly growing sphere of influence.  
  
Zemina Torval has struggled in recent weeks, and her drop in rankings is certainly understandable. The Senator had her control of nearly half a dozen systems successfully undermined, and her only expansion attempt, in Mannoda, failed. While Torval’s resource reserves and her supporters’ impressive fortification efforts were enough to stave off turmoil, she will be facing a difficult week if the hostilities in her space continue.  
  
Denton Patreus has used the recent weeks to recover from the sharp drop in support his organisation has seen. With the Kumo Crew distracted and under pressure from Operation Davy Jones, and Federal corsairs focusing on Zemina Torval, the Senator’s forces surged ahead, rapidly expanding Patreus’ sphere of influence and securing a rise in the rankings for their ambitious leader. It remains to be seen if this impressive recovery can be maintained if Denton’s systems once again come under attack from his rivals.  
  
Zachary Hudson had a successful week. With expansion paused due to recent turmoil, his supporters completed an impressive fortification program throughout much of the President’s sphere of influence. This meant that only one of Hudson’s systems was successfully undermined by the enemy, and it gives the Federation politician an impressive reserve of resources to draw upon.  
  
Felicia Winters has had her space heavily infiltrated by enemy wings for weeks now, and her supporters always staunchly defended her systems. However, this past week saw a sharp increase in hostilities in the Shadow President’s powerbase, straining her modest forces. With her grip on much of her space undermined by rivals, Winters’ administration falls into turmoil, and it’s only through impressive effort from her supporters that just one of her systems is at risk.  
  
Edmund Mahon has shown that his organisation has the ability to grow stronger even in the face of extreme difficulties. The Alliance politician’s rise to #2 in the GalNet rankings is well earned this week, with his resilience to heavy hostile action attributed to a successful fortification program and a series of expansions into highly profitable systems in the recent weeks. While both of those factors give Mahon a good reserve of resources to draw on, his enemies successfully undermined eight of his systems in what likely heralds a period of increased hostility, likely to tax the rapidly expanding organisation.  
  
Li Yong-Rui’s Sirius Gov has retained its high galactic standing despite a sudden increase in attacks on its systems. While the ability of Li Yong-Rui’s supporters to withstand the added pressure is impressive, the successful undermining of two their systems and widespread hostilities throughout many of their border systems likely spell an end to a period of relative peace for the organisation. As tensions with Sirius’ neighbours flare up, the corporate government is sure to come under increased pressure from without.  
  
Archon Delaine and his Kumo Crew continue to defend against the Imperial offensive – dubbed ‘Operation Davy Jones’ – which is now in its fifth week. While the pirate lord’s grip on his claimed territory has been severely challenged, with one of his expansion attempts stopped in its tracks and his control over more than a dozen systems undermined, there is yet no victory in sight for his attackers. With a relatively small powerbase and key systems fortified against aggression, the Kumo Crew remains unbroken, having avoided falling into turmoil and even securing one new system, Kakmbuta.  
  
Pranav Antal has experienced an amazing surge in support in the recent weeks. Emboldened, his supporters claimed several new systems for Utopia, including Ewah, where a fierce battle with the local opposition forces took place. While attempts to claim the distant Sothis faltered and expansion into Lidpar was countered by staunch enemy action, it seems clear that Utopia will continue to grow at a quick pace. The one difficulty facing Pranav Antal’s organisation is somewhat lacklustre fortification efforts, which may expose Utopian systems to enemy action, should hostilities flare up.  
  
Commander Cadoc  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: United Research Council Programme Postponed  
  
3302-09-02   
  
Professor Ray Miller, director of the United Research Council, has announced that the organisation's proposed research programme will be temporarily delayed.  
  
"Following political lobbying form a number of key powers, we have decided to lift the restriction on activity in the Coritab, Darian, Freng and Lunduwalaya systems.  
  
"Unfortunately, this will unavoidably delay the start of our research programme. To avoid further complications, we will announce the new locations for the experiment a number of days before the programme begins. This announcement will be made towards the end of next week.  
  
# New Mining Tools Released  
  
3304-12-20   
  
A range of new asteroid-mining equipment is expected to trigger an increase in the availability of ores and minerals.  
  
A spokesperson for the Industrial Mining Guild discussed the new tools at an industry symposium:  
  
"Using mining lasers to remove surface deposits from asteroids can be difficult. The new abrasion blaster fires projectiles that break them free more easily.  
  
"For deeper deposits, sub-surface displacement missiles can penetrate the rock and then be detonated remotely, releasing larger chunks of material.  
  
"Finally, there is now a way to access valuable resources deep within certain rare bodies. Seismic charges, when carefully positioned, can crack an asteroid open and free the minerals at its core.  
  
"Combined with upgrades to existing tools, such as scanners and prospector limpets, we are confident that these new tools will result in a surge in private mining activity.  
  
# Millions Pay Respects  
  
3301-08-08   
  
Millions Pay Respects  
  
  
  
Millions of senators, patrons, clients, citizens and slaves from across the Empire are making the journey to the Hall of Martyrs on Capitol in the Achenar system to pay their respects to the late Emperor. The queue to view the Emperor’s body already stretches several miles from the Imperial Palace, with the waiting time now measured in days. Naturally, senators, patrons and clients each have their own entrances.  
  
Palace officials have announced that the viewings will continue, at all hours, until the final funeral preparations begin on the eve of the funeral. Volunteers from the palace staff will aid the mourners and keep the line moving.  
  
The Imperial Naval Infantry will also be stationed along the ever-lengthening line – not because of security concerns, but to ensure the welfare of the waiting people. The population of the city swelled beyond normal capacity during the wedding celebrations, and the influx of mourners has pushed the city to bursting point. Along with the military deployment, local residents are providing those in the queue with food and drink.  
  
Those unable to make the journey to Capitol have created memorials in their own cities, starports and colonies, and are assembling to give their respects.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Galactic Leaders Respond to Discovery  
  
3302-09-03   
  
The leaders of the galaxy's major powers have responded to the discovery of a mysterious shipwreck in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system.  
  
Speaking from the Imperial Palace on Capitol, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
"This is a potentially momentous discovery that could signify the dawn of a new era. I speak for all Imperial citizens when I say that the Empire faces this new era with optimism."   
  
Meanwhile, Federal President Zachary Hudson released a statement from his office at the White House on Mars:  
  
"Like many of you, I have watched this story unfold with mounting astonishment. I want to assure all Federal citizens – and, indeed, all members of the galactic community – that the Federation is ready for whatever lies ahead.  
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon struck a more measured tone in his statement:  
  
"The discovery is unquestionably a remarkable one, but at this stage it would be irresponsible to speculate on its implications. I will say only that, at this point in time, the need for solidarity has never been greater. It is my sincerest wish that the human race moves forward as one, united in purpose and philosophy.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Supplies Needed for Imperial Festivities  
  
3304-12-20   
  
Imperial senator Simone Leatrix has announced plans for a week of revelry at her palatial residence on Capitol in the Achenar system.  
  
The senator told the media:  
  
"We Imperials value the finer things, even during times of political upset. So I intend to celebrate the end of the year with a sumptuous party at my mountaintop retreat, which will be specially renovated for the occasion.  
  
To feed the hundreds of high-profile guests and decorate the senator's residence, Senator Leatrix has asked the Cemiess Imperial Society to organise deliveries of food and newly refined jewels to Mackenzie Relay in the Cemiess system.  
  
The initiatives begin on the 20th of December 3304 and will run for one week. If either initiative meets its targets earlier than planned, that campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-08-08   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,642 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
HIP 73293 Guardians of Tradition  
  
Yembo Interstellar  
  
Tapones Corp.  
  
Jimai Noblement  
  
New Hun Cruacoc Labour  
  
Workers of Wintii Confederacy  
  
Fu Haras Patrons of Law  
  
Paemani Monarchy  
  
Kupoli Fortune Limited  
  
United Wang Dana Free  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Freelance Report: Much Ado about Nothing?  
  
3302-09-06   
  
Recent statements from Professor Steven Eisler of the Okinura Xenobiology Institute appear to have frustrated large sections of the scientific community.   
  
Darius Maddox, presenter of weekly science broadcast The Face of the Universe, said, "Eisler isn't a field scientist – he's an academic – and to throw around the T-word every time humanity encounters something it doesn't understand is irresponsible.  
  
Eisler responded to the criticism:  
  
"I'm not leaping to the conclusion that the object in the Pleiades is of Thargoid origin. I only meant that if it is Thargoid, it's likely to be a relic of the past.  
  
"It's true that I haven't done much field science recently, but I plan to visit the site soon, and I'll be looking for indications of whether this is a recent find or something that has been sitting on the surface for a while.  
  
Jaiotu  
  
# Battle Ceases in Wally Bei System  
  
3304-12-20   
  
The conflict between two opposing factions in the Wally Bei system has ended. The fleets of both Wally Bei Technical and the Traditional Wally Bei Constitution Party were significantly reduced in a prolonged series of battles.  
  
The leaders of both organisations issued a joint statement:  
  
"We recognise that our military leaders overreacted to accusations made by both parties. For humanitarian reasons, we have agreed to bring hostilities to an end. But we will honour the commitment made by independent pilots on both sides, who are now authorised to collect their rewards from the Wally Bei system.  
  
# The Reign of Emperor Hengist Duval  
  
3301-08-09   
  
The Reign of Emperor Hengist Duval  
  
  
  
In respect of the assassination of Emperor Hengist Duval the planned article for this week has been moved to next week so that historian Sima Kalhana relates some of the key moments from his life.  
  
Emperor Hengist Duval was the 15th in the Imperial Duval bloodline to lead the Empire and he saw a great deal of change in his comparatively short reign. He was born in 3163, only a few days before the death of his grandfather Hender Saik Duval. Some claim that the spirit of Hender had already passed to Hengist such were the similarities in looks and manner noted in Hengist’s later years.  
  
When his father, Hesketh Duval, died in 3233, Hengist assumed his place on the throne. The live broadcast of the coronation created an impression of a serene transition. However lurking beneath this appearance lay significant tensions. Most significant of which was the growing power of the Senate which had developed during the extended period of his father’s illness. A parallel with the situation with Hengist’s coma can be seen in recent months.  
  
At the start of his reign the cold war between the Empire and the Federation was starting to thaw, a process which continued for decades, although friction has recently resumed with the rise of certain powers like President Hudson and Senator Patreus.  
  
Hengist’s reign witnessed a major technological advancement with the introduction of the new frame shift drive. This sped up travel between stars systems and even inside systems by an incredible margin. It created a more quickly shifting political, military and commercial landscape as reacting or causing changing became much easier.  
  
Hengist fell ill early in 3300, and he managed to continue light duties throughout the first half of the year. His sickness worsened as the year progressed and during this time he remained in seclusion with only rare visits to the Senate. At the turn of 3301 he slipped into a coma. Many expected him to not awaken from the coma and it was a great surprise when he recovered several months later.  
  
Near the close of 3300, Hengist decreed that his only legitimate child, Harold (who is Aisling Duval’s unmarried father), was not of sound mind and so unfit for rule, and in any case had no legitimate children himself. Following this announcement Arissa Lavigny-Duval declared that she was the illegitimate child of Hengist. The Emperor supported this claim by announcing his forthcoming marriage with Arissa’s mother, Florence Lavigny, and was expected to formally adopt Arissa and cement her claim to the throne.  
  
With his murder and the marriage not completed the succession to the imperial throne is again not clear cut and many fear the potential instability this could cause to the Empire if not decided quickly after the Emperor’s funeral.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-09-07   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Aisling Duval Rejects Nova Imperium  
  
3304-12-21   
  
Princess Aisling Duval has publicly rejected the isolationist group Nova Imperium and its figurehead, Hadrian Duval:  
  
"These extremists cause only division. Hadrian may well be the grandson of Hengist Duval, but that hardly makes him suited to the throne. Arissa has been silent for too long – she must act quickly to resolve this volatile situation.  
  
Senator Zemina Torval responded:  
  
"Much to my surprise, I find myself in agreement with Princess Duval. The notion of an independent pilot becoming ruler of the Empire is preposterous. I am confident that the Emperor will respond accordingly.  
  
Despite this united front, Senator Pal Vespasian stated:  
  
"Many senators are willing to recognise Hadrian Duval as Emperor-in-waiting. Nova Imperium is now a legitimate political movement with several million supporters. The only way the Empire will survive is by accepting the Imperator's proposals.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Leaked Footage of Emperor’s Assassination  
  
3301-08-09   
  
Leaked Footage of Emperor’s Assassination  
  
  
  
In a move sending shockwaves of revulsion throughout the Empire, an independent newsfeed, Russell Networks, based in the Tulill system, has broadcast what is claimed to be a holographic recording of the assassination of Emperor Hengist Duval.  
  
Imperial networks are refusing to show the footage and all levels of imperial society are outraged at this insult to the Emperor’s memory. The recording’s authenticity hasn’t been confirmed, but it does clearly show someone who looks like Brendan Paul Darius attacking the Emperor. As the Emperor passes by Senator Patreus’ entourage Darius is seen to lunge from the group. He then stabs the Emperor several times with a blade and inflicting severe facial injuries until being taken down by the nearest guards. In it, others in Patreus’s entourage, including Senator Patreus himself, appear to move to try to stop the attacker, and do appear to be genuinely surprised and shocked.  
  
Chancellor Anders Blaine condemned the broadcast in a statement and refused to comment on its veracity.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Weird Science  
  
3302-09-07   
  
As the scientific community grapples with the discovery of mysterious wreckage in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system, controversial naturalist Ulla Burton believes she has the answer.  
  
In her most recent broadcast, Ulla said:  
  
"The answer is staring us in the face – it's a form of giant space crab. I'm surprised the Canonn Institute hasn't considered it. The creature was obviously confused by frame shift emissions, and beached itself while looking for food.  
  
While answering viewers' questions, Ulla dismissed suggestions that the remains were dangerous or indicative of the existence of intelligent life.  
  
"The chances of anything coming from the Pleiades, or beyond, are a million to one. Other than the space trees the Federation is guarding, there's nothing in that remote, forbidding area. The Unknown Probes are nothing more than space fungi. The Canonn should stop misleading people with its pseudo-science.  
  
Commander Gan  
  
Ogilvy Observer | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-12-22   
  
Here are this week's major stories.  
  
Disgraced politician Juanita Bishop has called for a forthcoming book about the Far God sect to be banned. In a statement, Bishop described the book's authors as alien sympathisers, and accused them of creating pro-Thargoid propaganda. Gethin Okonkwo, one of the book's writers, suggested that Bishop's desire to halt publication was an attempt to prevent a criminal investigation into her own activities.  
  
A range of new asteroid-mining equipment is expected to trigger an increase in the availability of ores and minerals. A spokesperson for the Industrial Mining Guild said the new tools would prompt a surge in private mining activity.  
  
In other news, Princess Aisling Duval has publicly rejected the isolationist group Nova Imperium and its figurehead, Hadrian Duval. Senator Zemina Torval publicly voiced agreement with Princess Duval, but Senator Pal Vespasian said that many senators were willing to recognise Hadrian Duval as Emperor-in-waiting.  
  
In other news, Clinical trials for nanomedicines developed by Vitadyne Labs have delivered outstanding results. Observers from the Interstellar Health Organisation said that the nanomedicines eliminated malignant cells, boosted immune systems and repaired damaged tissue, and said that the product represented a genuine breakthrough.  
  
Imperial senator Simone Leatrix has announced plans for a week of revelry at her palatial residence on Capitol in the Achenar system. In a statement, the senator said she intended to celebrate the end of the year with a sumptuous party at her mountaintop retreat, which would be specially renovated for the occasion. In support of the event, the Cemiess Imperial Society has placed an open order for various commodities.  
  
Finally, the conflict between two opposing factions in the Wally Bei system has ended. The fleets of both Wally Bei Technical and the Wally Bei Constitution Party were significantly reduced in a prolonged series of battles. The leaders of both organisations issued a joint statement, confirming that for humanitarian reasons they would bring hostilities to an end.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# Pirates Defeated in Bast  
  
3301-08-10   
  
Pirates Defeated in Bast  
  
  
  
Official sources at Hart Station have confirmed that efforts to eliminate pirate vessels targeting medical supply ships in the region have been resoundingly successful. The Union of Bast Liberals, which placed bounties on the pirates, has stated that a total of 1,869 independent pilots helped to thin the bandits’ numbers, thereby allowing the much-need Cerberus antidote to reach systems affected by the disease. Consequently, the Cerberus Plague has been eliminated from the following systems:  
  
Cantjarisni  
  
Rajukru  
  
HIP 10175  
  
Amahu  
  
Leerham  
  
BD-11 4280  
  
Louguala  
  
Altair   
  
39 Tauri  
  
Kamorin   
  
Delta Phoenicis  
  
Kappa Ophiuchi   
  
Murung  
  
LTT 14850   
  
Gali   
  
Cauani  
  
LTT 6705   
  
Watha  
  
Asgaa  
  
Svent  
  
A spokesperson from the Union of Bast Liberals said: “There are times when the words ‘thank you’ just don’t seem adequate. These pilots have saved literally thousands of lives, so, on behalf of all those they have helped, we want to offer our sincerest gratitude.”  
  
# Freelance Report: Buckyball Presents Heavy Metal Megadeth  
  
3302-09-07   
  
Following the success of the Total Recall 2 event, the Pilots Federation has asked the Buckyball Racing Club to help it investigate a pressing safety issue.  
  
Since the start of the year, the Pilots Federation has noticed a sharp increase in the number of crash landings on high-gravity planets. To assess whether or not ship thrusters require an across-the-board power increase, the organisation has asked the Buckyball Racing Club to organise an event that pushes ships to their maximum tolerance during high-gravity landings.  
  
To this end, the Buckyball Racing club invites pilots to gather at Cook Gateway in the Medzistha system. After departing from Cook Gateway, pilots must perform a single hyperspace jump to Omicron Capricorni B, land on planet A4 - anywhere - and return to Cook Gateway.  
  
Pilots are warned that Omicron Capricorni B A 4 has a surface gravity of 4g, so extreme caution should be exercised when exiting orbital cruise.  
  
The event will run from 00.00 UTC on the 6th of September until 23.59 UTC on the 11th of September.  
  
Commander Markzx59  
  
## Federation  
  
# Nanomed Trials Successful  
  
3304-12-22   
  
Clinical trials for new nanomedicines developed by Vitadyne Labs have delivered outstanding results.  
  
Observers from the Interstellar Health Organisation summarised:  
  
"Our teams carefully monitored the use of Vitadyne nanomeds on patients for whom conventional treatments were unsuitable. In all cases, the nanomedicines eliminated malignant cells, boosted immune systems and repaired damaged tissue.  
  
"There is no doubt that this product represents a breakthrough in nanomedicine, with enormous healthcare potential.  
  
Professor Katrien Rook, owner of Vitadyne Labs, told the media:  
  
"It's highly gratifying to have our work validated in this way. I'm grateful to the IHO for its diligence, and I look forward to introducing our nanomedicines to the galaxy.  
  
# Patreus Reacts Angrily to Crowd’s Taunts  
  
3301-08-10   
  
Patreus Reacts Angrily to Crowd’s Taunts  
  
  
  
Some elements of the lower-level Imperial political scene have challenged Senator Denton Patreus to explain his connection to Brendan Paul Darius, the assassin responsible for the murder of the Emperor during the wedding ceremony with Florence Lavigny. Since the revelation of the assassin’s identity the senator has steadfastly refused to comment, but responded angrily to accusations from a vocal minority in the crowd outside the senate.   
  
“The notion that I might somehow be linked with the murder of our most loved Emperor is offensive. It does bring dishonour and shame upon me that a man in my employ could perform such a heinous act, but it was certainly done without my knowledge. The thought that I allowed such a man near his august presence torments me.”  
  
He also added that the full resources of his office were being made available to the officers in the investigation and that he would aid them in any way he could.  
  
More responsible commentators agree that the accusations are ridiculous. Speculation remains however as to why the man killed the Emperor and whether he was acting alone or for another party.  
  
# Isolde Rochester becomes Shadow Vice President  
  
3304-12-26   
  
Federal Shadow President Felicia Winters has appointed Isolde Rochester as the deputy leader of the Federation's Liberal Party.  
  
The new Shadow Vice President made a statement to the media:  
  
"After a decade of serving in Congress, supporting both President Halsey and Shadow President Winters, it is an honour to accept this position. Many challenges face the Federation, and the Liberal Party is ready to meet them.  
  
The former deputy leader, Edgar Santiago, recently made the sudden decision to retire from politics and purchase a private luxury starship, despite not being known for extravagant spending.  
  
Isolde Rochester is the matriarch of the powerful Rochester family, which includes the CEO of Core Dynamics and two Federal Navy officers. Rumours suggest that she called off the wedding of her son Ambasador Jordan Rochester when suggestions arose of Princess Aisling Duval's infidelity.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-09-08   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Fozard Dock, HIP 19934  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Newholm Station, Solthis  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Rutan Terminal, Minanes  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
# Where's Walden Now?  
  
3301-08-10   
  
Where's Walden Now?  
  
  
  
Today marks 36 years since the last ‘Walden Day’, the annual celebration of the great leader across all four continents of Lave, where prefects, primes and factors would try to outdo each other with how much love they could show the planet’s ruler.  
  
Lave in 3301 does its best to forget the past. Years of relative prosperity and capitalist competition between the LFO, the Defence Party and the Workers of Lave reflect the different social classes of the planet’s regions. Each formed out of different parts of the old regime and its adversaries. But the question remains, what actually happened to Doctor Hans Walden?  
  
The holovid footage of his execution has been replayed countless times on hundreds of programmes. Some preach conspiracy, others see tampering, but most agree that Walden’s clone research, journals, and the numerous patents sold to Imperial contractors bearing his name point to his having experimented with the duplication of his own genetics.  
  
Since 3265, the government has released no evidence of hidden scientific laboratories on Lave or any of the plotted asteroids in the system. Rumours of a secret colony on Lave II have never been confirmed, either, but the rumours keep resurfacing. Yes, Walden was executed during a live vidscreen broadcast...but was that the only Walden? Could there be others, lurking out there on a nearby planet, waiting to return? If there are any clones left, forgetting the past won’t help us deal with the future.  
  
# Freelance Report: The Alien Wreck  
  
3302-09-08   
  
As independent pilots flock to the mysterious wreckage in the Pleiades, many have been speculating on the meaning of the discovery. Some believe the wreck is of Thargoid origin, but that rumour has little evidence to support it.  
  
One pilot who visited the site shared his opinion:  
  
"While the alien wreck is worthy of further study, I doubt it's recent. Judging from the lack of heat signature, I think it's been dead for a while – maybe even centuries. It's hard to tell how old something is with a simple visual inspection, especially on a planet with no atmosphere.  
  
"I suspect it won't be long before the Federation or the Empire tries to claim the wreckage, so we probably don't have much time to study it.  
  
Independent pilots are still flocking to the site, but many questions remain. Possible links to the barnacles, Unknown Artefacts and Unknown Probes have been suggested, but no evidence of a connection has been found.  
  
Commander Cosby714  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# An Heir to the Imperial Throne?  
  
3304-12-27   
  
Imperial senators supporting the isolationist group Nova Imperium have demanded that Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval acknowledge its figurehead, Hadrian Augustus Duval.  
  
Senator Eloise Winterstone proclaimed to the Senate:  
  
"The Imperial family must officially recognise Hadrian Duval as one of its own. Given that the Emperor has no children, such an act would secure the future of the Duval bloodline.  
  
Chancellor Anders Blaine replied:  
  
"Our official position is that Nova Imperium is a fringe organisation with no right to determine policy. We have no more to say on the matter.  
  
Political journalist Cassia Carvalho wrote in The Imperial Herald:  
  
"With the possibility of civil war increasing, the suggestion that Arissa accept Hengist Duval's grandson as an heir feels like a reasonable compromise. Her lack of response so far has led to accusations of weakness, with many calling on her to step down and for Hadrian Duval to be instated as sovereign ruler.  
  
## Hadrian Augustus Duval  
  
# Portrait of a Bounty Hunter  
  
3301-08-10   
  
Portrait of a Bounty Hunter  
  
  
  
Social historians sometimes have a tendency to focus on the rich and powerful, forgetting that the people who dwell on society’s margins can also have an impact on the shape of the galaxy. In this new series, we take a look at some of recent history’s less well-known figures, and shine a light on their unique achievements. Our first episode explores the life of the bounty hunter Ziva Eschel.  
  
Ziva Eschel began her career in the Federal State Police, spending ten years as a Viper pilot in the Beta Hydri system. She left the force shortly after she and her partner were imprisoned by the Judas Syndicate on the infamous Black Mausoleum. Eschel escaped with her life but her partner was executed, and, due to the unique status of the Mausoleum, the Beta Hydri authorities were unable to bring his killers to justice.  
  
After quitting the Federal State Police, Eschel acquired a lease on an old Sidewinder and began a career as a bounty hunter operating out of Beta Hydri. Her approach relied more on careful planning and preparation than flashy flying, but she nevertheless progressed to larger and more dangerous scores, upgrading her ships and finally settling on the Dragon Queen, a highly customised Fer-de-lance.  
  
Eschel is not a public person and has eschewed several invitations to syndicate her operations to ‘Federation’s Most Wanted’, but in police and bounty hunting circles she is known to be both cautious and dangerous, and also meticulous in adhering to the law – a rare trait in her profession.  
  
Eschel and the Dragon Queen were last seen heading for Jackson's Lighthouse, possibly in pursuit of the notorious Red Hourglass.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Ships Deployed to Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4  
  
3302-09-08   
  
For much of the past week, the galactic community has been captivated by the mysterious shipwreck discovered in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system. The wreck, which was found on one of the system's moons, is believed by many to be the remains of a non-human starship.  
  
Given the magnitude of the discovery, it was only a matter of time before one of the superpowers took action. That action has come in the form of an Imperial deputation, which was despatched to the system within the past twelve hours. Eyewitness reports indicate that a Majestic-class Interdictor has taken up position directly over the shipwreck site.  
  
The Empire has not commented on the deployment, but Federal President Zachary Hudson was quick to condemn the act.  
  
"It is no surprise that the Empire is attempting to control the site, but the fact is that they have no authority in AB-W B2-4, and no right to lay claim to this discovery. If the Empire makes any effort to prevent access to the site, be assured that the Federation will respond appropriately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Festive Imperial Campaigns End  
  
3304-12-27   
  
Initiatives to supply Imperial senator Simone Leatrix's festivities have reached a conclusion.  
  
Mass deliveries of food and jewels took place in the Cemiess system.  
  
As the campaigns drew to a close, Senator Leatrix made this statement:  
  
"My gratitude goes to those who helped make this celebration possible. I hope the sight of my glittering mountaintop retreat serves as an inspiration in these times of civil disquiet.  
  
Traders who supported the initiative can now collect their rewards from Mackenzie Relay in the Cemiess system.  
  
# Two Dead in Tragic Accident  
  
3301-08-11   
  
Two Dead in Tragic Accident  
  
  
  
Two people died in a crash when a personal transport collided with a Lakon Type-9 Heavy transport vessel. The small ship, a type used to run between orbital facilities, was destroyed in the impact. The small vessel was ferrying two transport safety officials to the Laphria Shipyard in the Artemis system. They were on a knowledge sharing mission.  
  
The Transport Safety Authority issued the following statement from their headquarters on Mars:  
  
“This type of accident is always a terrible tragedy for those involved and the Laphrian authorities have promised full disclosure and co-operation with our investigation.”  
  
They also reported that the pilot of the Type-9 was being treated for shock. She saw the transport break open only metres from her large window as she approached the station.  
  
Elaine Boyd from the Federal Times asked for the identities of the dead and was told that they wouldn’t be disclosed until the next of kin had been identified. She pressed further asking if one of the dead men was Arnold Lowe, a senior investigator in the Starship One disappearance. She was told ‘no comment’ and no further questions were taken.  
  
# Herculean Machines Initiative  
  
3304-12-27   
  
The Federal Navy has requested a large shipment of Duradrive personal computers from manufacturer Herculean Machines.  
  
Maddox Hurd, the company's CEO, made this announcement:  
  
"It's a testament to the Duradrive's reliability that the Federal Navy wants to make it standard issue, and we are proud to supply them.  
  
"Fulfilling this order on time requires additional materials, however, so we urgently need deliveries of consumer technology, hardware diagnostic sensors and computer components to Boltzmann Hub in the Blatrimpe system.  
  
"The campaign is being coordinated by our partner, the Blatrimpe Allied Co Commodities, which has placed a kill order on all wanted ships to keep traders safe. I haven't ruled out the possibility that our rivals might recruit agitators to disrupt this operation – who knows what Scorpio DeVorrow is up to these days?  
  
The initiative begins on the 27th of December 3304 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Galactic News: LFT 133 Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-09-08   
  
A spokesperson for the AEF Legion of LFT 133 has announced that its appeal for gold has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Sullivan Dock, the organisation's base of operations. The spokesperson also confirmed that the agitators disrupting operations in the region have been neutralised.  
  
The AEF Legion of LFT 133 has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-08-11   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 386 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Simyr Party  
  
Official Lusonda Front  
  
Regulatory State of HIP 32812  
  
Holiacan Dynamic Company  
  
HIP 98621 Empire Party  
  
United 54 G. Antlia Autocracy  
  
Family of Aleuta  
  
HIP 112829 Dynasty  
  
NLTT 13249 Limited  
  
Misisture Electronics Group  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 684 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Green Party of Cybele  
  
Revolutionary Lie Yu Kou Coalition  
  
Ida Dhor Citizens' Forum  
  
Dominion of LP 417-213  
  
Kaukhe Systems  
  
LTT 47 Empire League  
  
Revolutionary Party of Crevit  
  
Cartel of HIP 80266  
  
Justice Party of HIP 105391  
  
Akandinigua Confederation  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Federal-Imperial Conflict in Mu Koji  
  
3302-09-08   
  
Security operatives in Mu Koji have reported that the Empire and Federation have launched rival military operations in the system.  
  
Both superpowers have fleets stationed in Mu Koji, and both have launched attacks against these convoys with the aim of securing valuable enemy intelligence.   
  
The Xuangu Crimson Major Network has been authorised to coordinate the Imperial operation, while rival organisation the Mu Koji Resistance is directing the Federal campaign. Both factions have asked independent combat pilots for support, promising to reward those who come to their aid.  
  
The rival operations are scheduled to run for one week from the 8th of September 3302.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Antal Levels Accusation at Vitadyne  
  
3304-12-28   
  
Simguru Pranav Antal, leader of Utopia, has made a statement regarding the new nanomedicines developed by Vitadyne Labs:  
  
"The nanomedicines that Professor Katrien Rook claims to have created were in fact developed in Utopia, and have been in use for decades.  
  
"Several months ago, a medical transport disappeared after departing from the Polevnic system. Our assumption is that the ship was attacked and its cargo stolen. Evidently, Professor Rook acquired Utopian technology and is now passing it off as her own creation.  
  
"These nanomedicines were never intended for use outside of Utopia. Such sophisticated materials can only be controlled by Utopian engineers. We demand that our property be returned to us immediately.  
  
There has been no response from Vitadyne Labs. The Interstellar Health Organisation has said that it will investigate Pranav Antal's accusation.  
  
# What Sort of Man Can Kill an Emperor?  
  
3301-08-11   
  
What Sort of Man Can Kill an Emperor?  
  
  
  
The Imperial Herald today released an article about the man allegedly responsible for the regicide of Emperor Hengist Duval.  
  
The article detailed Brendan Paul Darius’ upbringing in Eotienses, the home system for the bulk of Patreus’ activities. His parents were a relatively wealthy client family under Senator Patreus known for their observation of traditional values. They worked on one of his many estates in the system. After completing his formal education in history and ethics he served as an officer on one of the Senator’s Majestic class Interdictors, eventually rising to the rank of captain.  
  
Following two decades of distinguished military service he joined one of Senator Patreus’ liaison teams responsible for maintaining relationships with colony governors, planetary leaders and starport officials throughout the Senator’s region of controlled space. His dedication and talents saw him rise above his parents’ station to become patron.  
  
The story tells of a man dedicated to service and traditional imperial values. A man who eschewed personal comforts and focused on his work. In the end the puzzle remains – why would such a loyal man kill his Emperor?  
  
# Galactic News: United Research Council Programme Begins in One Week  
  
3302-09-08   
  
The United Research Council has announced that its postponed research programme will begin on the 15th of September 3302. The announcement comes a week after political lobbying prompted the Council to temporarily delay the programme.  
  
The Council's experiments, which are understood to involve monitoring radiation levels and recording the positions of celestial bodies, will encompass all systems within a 30 light-year radius of the Clayakarma, Nauo, Gyhldekala, Boga and Kpaniya systems. Due to the sensitive nature of these experiments, pilots pledged to one of the galaxy's major powers will be unable to lay claim to these systems while the project is active. Pilots should also be aware that any preparatory activity conducted in these systems will be negated when the programme begins.  
  
The United Research Council will make a final announcement shortly before the programme starts.  
  
# Week in Review  
  
3304-12-29   
  
Here are this week's main stories.  
  
Federal Shadow President Felicia Winters has appointed Isolde Rochester as the deputy leader of the Federation's Liberal Party. The new Shadow Vice President is the matriarch of the powerful Rochester family, which includes the CEO of Core Dynamics and two Federal Navy officers. Vice President Rochester said she was honoured to accept the position.  
  
Imperial senators supporting the isolationist group Nova Imperium have demanded that Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval acknowledge its figurehead, Hadrian Augustus Duval. Chancellor Anders Blaine responded by saying that Nova Imperium was a fringe organisation with no right to determine policy. The Emperor's lack of response has led to accusations of weakness, with many calling on her to step down.  
  
In other news, Simguru Pranav Antal has claimed that the nanomedicines developed by Vitadyne Labs were in fact developed in Utopia. In a statement, Simguru said the nanomedicines were never intended for use outside of Utopia, and demanded their immediate return.  
  
The leaders of the Alliance and the Federation have commented on the rise of Nova Imperium. Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon said the unrest afflicting the Empire would be a concern if it affected inter-superpower cooperation, while Federal President Zachary Hudson said the Federation would be forced to intervene if Nova Imperium came to power and the Empire ceased contributions to Aegis.  
  
Meanwhile, the Federal Navy has requested a large shipment of Duradrive personal computers from manufacturer Herculean Machines. Maddox Hurd, the company's CEO, said the request was a testament to the Duradrive's reliability. Herculean has placed an open order for various commodities to fulfil the request.  
  
Finally, twin initiatives to supply Imperial senator Simone Leatrix's festivities have reached a successful conclusion. As the campaigns drew to a close, Senator Leatrix said she hoped the sight of her glittering mountaintop retreat would serve as an inspiration amid the current civil disquiet.  
  
And those are the main stories this week.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-08-12   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions. This is likely to be because of the many independent pilots who helped combat the Cerberus Plague – specifically those who eliminated pirates in the Bast system, thereby allowing supplies of the Cerberus antidote to reach systems affected by the disease.  
  
# Galactic News: Otto Granger Demands Credit  
  
3302-09-09   
  
Otto Granger, the smuggler who involved the galactic community in an elaborate search for the mysterious debris in the Pleiades Nebula, has demanded that he receive credit for the discovery.  
  
In an interview with The Federal Times, Granger made his feelings clear:  
  
"Look, I admit it – when we found the wreck, we saw it as an opportunity to make some money. But we never planned to keep the discovery from the public.  
  
"The point is that we found it – me and my friends. But now the discovery has been credited to someone else! It's outrageous!  
  
Commentators have been quick to point out that Granger's efforts to profit from the discovery, and his reluctance to share it with the galactic community in a spirit of altruism, are sufficient grounds to deny him credit.  
  
# Alliance and Federation React to Nova Imperium  
  
3304-12-29   
  
The leaders of the Alliance and the Federation have commented on the rise of the isolationist group Nova Imperium.  
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon told the Alliance Assembly:  
  
"The civil unrest in the Empire is an internal matter, but it would be a major concern if it resulted in a policy change regarding inter-superpower cooperation. We are therefore watching the situation closely.  
  
In Congress, President Zachary Hudson said:  
  
"If Nova Imperium comes to power and the Empire ceases contributions to Aegis, our combined defences against the Thargoid threat will be jeopardised. In such a case, the Federation would be forced to intervene in order to safeguard humanity's future.  
  
Independent sources have confirmed that Federal Navy resupplies have increased in frequency. Fleet manoeuvres have also taken place in regions bordering Imperial territory.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
## Alliance  
  
## Nova Imperium  
  
## Edmund Mahon  
  
## Alliance Assembly  
  
## inter-superpower cooperation  
  
## Zachary Hudson  
  
## Aegis  
  
## Thargoid  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-08-12   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: We Have a Winner!  
  
3302-09-09   
  
A pilot by the name of Commander Falchion has won the Melee Masters arena competition.  
  
In a tense final bout, Commander Falchion appeared to give up right on the cusp of victory, but it was revealed to have been a ruse designed to bring his opponent into firing range.  
  
A reporter from Sports Zeta Weekly commented: "I had no fingernails by the end of that one. The sheer moxie of Commander Falchion, to sucker in his opponent like that! Big risk, big payoff. The crowds loved it! A worthy winner.  
  
Commander Falchion was not available for interview and appears to maintaining a cloak of anonymity, although it is known that he or she is from the Chi Orionis system.  
  
# Pegasi Pirate War  
  
3301-08-12   
  
Pegasi Pirate War  
  
  
  
Last month, Archon Delaine’s aggressive advance toward Imperial territory was halted. Defensive lines along the Imperial border held strong as the expeditionary forces of Operation Davy Jones were joined by detachments of the Imperial Fleet. Many in the Empire are now referring to the escalating conflict as the ‘Pegasi Pirate War’.  
  
Tens of thousands of ships throughout the Pegasi Sector have been impounded or destroyed in an attempt to weed the pirates out of hundreds of systems. Vastly outnumbered, Archon’s forces have employed asymmetric tactics, effectively denying the possibility of decisive battles. Sieges of certain systems, such as Ngam, have been repeatedly broken by the Empire and re-laid by the Kumo Crew. Tacticians on either side have yet to produce an advantage in this war of attrition.  
  
One thing remains clear through the fog of war: the struggle to liberate or dominate the Pegasi Sector is far from over.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-09-14   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Apalar System Calls for Aid  
  
3301-08-12   
  
Apalar System Calls for Aid  
  
  
  
The government of the Apalar system has issued an unusual request, inviting independent pilots to help them elevate their system’s economy. According to Omar Jordan, governor of Svavarsson Terminal, the system is strategically positioned between the territories of several major powers, and is therefore ideally placed to provide these powers with services. The governor said:  
  
“Our system is bordered by the territories of Archon Delaine, Zachary Hudson, Zemina Torval and Denton Patrius. Surely these individuals can understand the benefit of having an independent high tech system on their doorstep?”  
  
Governor Jordan did not directly address the threat posed by Archon Delaine’s forces, which are closer to the Apalar system than those of any other power, but it seems safe to assume that one of the factors behind the appeal is a desire to counter this danger. After all, if Apalar could enhance its economy, it could convince one of the other powers to bring it under their control, thereby reducing the chances of a takeover from Delaine.  
  
Apalar Labour is offering rewards to independent pilots who assist with this effort by delivering industrial materials to Svavarsson Terminal in the Apalar system.  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Operation Succeeds  
  
3302-09-15   
  
The Xuangu Crimson Major Network has announced that the Imperial operation to recover valuable intelligence from Federal convoys in the Mu Koji system has been a success.  
  
Scores of independent pilots supported the operation, bolstering the Imperial forces and thwarting Federal efforts to steal Imperial intelligence.  
  
But although the Empire achieved its primary goal, victory came at a cost. Independent correspondents, reporting from Mu Koji, have confirmed that the Empire lost considerably more ships than the Federation.  
  
In the wake of the victory, a spokesperson for Xuangu Crimson Major Network thanked those who supported the campaign. Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Aksyonov Hub in Mu Koji.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Torval Offers Support to Patreus  
  
3301-08-13   
  
Torval Offers Support to Patreus  
  
  
  
Some of the more sordid elements of Imperial media have continued their campaign against Senator Patreus about his connection with Emperor Hengist Duval’s killer.  
  
Over the past week Senator Patreus and his followers staying on Capitol have endured abuse from their accusers whenever they appear in public. This escalated into violence today as the Senator visited the Hall of Martyrs for his own viewing of the Emperor’s body. When he arrived a mob formed and tried to prevent him entering the vestibule and reacted angrily when Patreus’ own guards attempted to force a passage. Imperial Naval infantry on the scene separated the parties and allowed Senator Patreus to enter the Hall.  
  
After the incident Senator Zemina Torval was the first to condemn the behaviour in a statement to guests and press at an event with Mastopolos Mining:  
  
“This kind of insolent behaviour does not reflect well upon these groups or our beloved Empire itself. In this time of mourning we should all be mindful of our actions. The Emperor has been dead for only a few days and these rebels descend into near-barbarism. They should be cast out of the Empire.”  
  
When asked about the accusations she scornfully replied:  
  
“Denton represents what is strong within the Empire. His loyalty to the Emperor is unquestioned and anyone suggesting otherwise is a fool.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: The Fight for Thoreau Orbital  
  
3302-09-15   
  
Federal intelligence operatives have uncovered an Imperial plot to destabilise the Thoreau Orbital outpost in Obotrima. The starport is a major manufacturing centre for autonomous defence drones, more commonly known as skimmers.  
  
According to a leaked report, the Imperial organisation Chimechilo Empire League plans to disrupt skimmer production at Thoreau Orbital by flooding it with explosives. The Chimechilo Empire League has asked Imperial pilots to support the operation by delivering explosives to Thoreau Orbital.  
  
To counter this threat, the Obotrima Organisation has asked Federation-aligned pilots to deliver skimmer components and robotics to the outpost in order to manufacture new skimmers.  
  
Both operations are scheduled to run for one week from the 15th of September 3302.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-08-13   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,968 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Ehecatl Silver Creative Ltd  
  
Gliese 9146 Crimson Universal Ex  
  
Gliese 9146 Interstellar  
  
Hsien Baji Republic Party  
  
Workers of K Camelopardalis Resistance  
  
Ch'in Yang Silver Vision Ind  
  
Ch'in Yang Travel Exchange  
  
Luhman 16 Central and Co  
  
HIP 96308 Services  
  
Luhman 16 Services  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Community Goal: The Colonia Connection  
  
3302-09-15   
  
Latugara PLC, an independent organisation based in the Latugara system, has announced plans to construct a series of outposts between the core of human-inhabited space and the rapidly expanding Colonia Nebula community.  
  
In a statement, the organisation's spokesperson said:  
  
"Given the relatively remote nature of the Colonia community, there's a clear need for a series of resupply outposts to support ships travelling to and from the colony. These new bases will bridge the gap between the burgeoning Colonia community and the core systems.  
  
In support of this ambitious initiative, Latugara PLC has placed an open order for titanium, computer components and power generators, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to its base of operations at Love Orbital in the Latugara system.  
  
The campaign has been provisionally scheduled to run for four weeks from the 15th of September 3302, but the Latugara PLC has said it will run the campaign until its targets are met.  
  
# Rescued from the Kumo Crew  
  
3301-08-13   
  
Rescued from the Kumo Crew  
  
  
  
Reports are coming in from the Pegasi sector of scores of marked slaves being rescued by Imperial Commanders participating in the ‘United Offensive’. Acting in concert with members of the Sirius Corporation, Imperial Commanders are carefully extracting human cargo from Kumo Crew vessels. The cargo is then delivered to Sirius Corp Commanders, who fly them to safety for relocation. Unconfirmed rumours indicate that members of the Utopians are also joining the rescue and relocation efforts.  
  
Spokesmen for the Kumo Crew have vehemently denied that marked slaves are anything but common criminals and degenerates, but one prominent case has received coverage on media circuits. Known only by her first name (for her own protection), former slave Aasha has become the face of the United Offensive.  
  
"Imagine my surprise when I woke up from stasis in Comanga surrounded by pirates!" Aasha originally entered a two-year Imperial slavery contract as part of the Quivira settlement with Silver Universal PLC. "I thought it was the right thing to do", said Aasha. "I was a trained mechanical engineer and could fetch a shorter term than any anyone else in my family. The priates said that's what made me so valuable.  
  
Imperial Slavers Associated reiterated its previously stated opposition to transporting slaves outside the Empire. They added that any Imperial slave rescued from the Kumo Crew, or any violation of their terms of service agreement, would result in that slave's contract being rendered null and void.  
  
"I don't know the Commander who saved me", a tearful Aasha explained, "but I am so thankful to them, and the friendly folks at Sirius who helped me get to the relocation authority on Munshin.  
  
Commander Quade  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Kahina Loren Implicated in Patreus Assassination Attempt  
  
3302-09-19   
  
Sources close to the Imperial Senate have released a statement indicating that Lady Kahina Tijani Loren, erstwhile senator of the Prism system, has been charged in connection with the attempted assassination of Admiral Denton Patreus.  
  
Prior to this development, Lady Kahina had not been heard from since mid 3301. Details of her recent activities are shrouded in mystery, although under the alias Commander Salomé she has been linked to various revolutionary organisations, including the Children of Raxxla, the Phoenix Group, the Dark Wheel and now Emperor's Dawn.  
  
After Lady Kahina went missing in the Cemiess system last month, the Children of Raxxla attempted to destabilise the system's economy to force system authorities to reveal her whereabouts.  
  
"Her intentions are clear," said a reporter for The Imperial Citizen. "She hates Patreus for his takeover of the Prism system – which I might point out was entirely legal – and harbours ridiculous delusions of becoming Emperor. She's been sowing seeds of discontent everywhere she goes. As we reported last month, she is dangerously unstable and an irresponsible warmonger. Now that she's been caught, she should be dealt with harshly. The same applies to the factions loyal to her.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval also addressed the arrest, saying: "I was always suspicious about her. Now her true colours have been revealed. I hope she receives a just punishment for her atrocious crimes. I wouldn't be surprised to discover she was behind the instability of the past year. My thanks go to our loyal Imperial security services for their diligence.  
  
Lady Kahina has reportedly been moved to the Achenar system to await trial.  
  
# Aliens Kidnapped the President  
  
3301-08-14   
  
Aliens Kidnapped the President  
  
  
  
The spectre of President Halsey’s disappearance in Starship One refuses to die down. Despite the findings of the official report some claim that the matter is far from closed. One such person is self-proclaimed conspiracy expert Ricardo Bentonio on his investigative show ‘The Hidden World’:  
  
“They took her for their own purposes. Not the lizard people from Andromeda, that’s the Imperial Dynasty. She’s been taken somewhere different.”  
  
Federal Navy officials refused to comment on this allegation. One Congressman was overheard joking “Does anyone listen to that loon’s shows? Except his precious lizard people from Andromeda, of course!”  
  
# Galactic News: Halsey Shares Her Vision  
  
3302-09-20   
  
Since leaving the Clearwater psychiatric centre in July, former Federal president Jasmina Halsey has maintained a relatively low profile. But now the former leader has broken her silence to share news of "a compelling vision" with the galactic community.  
  
In a public address at Gotham Park in the Alioth system, Halsey described the nature of her vision:  
  
"I saw a place of extraordinary beauty. A paradise. It was truly wonderful.  
  
"This was no dream – it was a glimpse of something very real.  
  
"We must find this place. It could be our future.  
  
Halsey's peculiar statement will no doubt disappoint those who believed she had made a full psychological recovery.  
  
# Imperial Inquisition and Emperor's Grace to Hold Meeting  
  
3301-08-14   
  
Imperial Inquisition and Emperor's Grace to Hold Meeting  
  
  
  
Mavia Kain, the High Inquisitor and leader of the Imperial Inquisition, is scheduled to pay a visit to Admiral Varrwen Mako Brennus, leader of Emperor`s Grace. The meeting will be held in the Emperor's Grace stronghold of Rishair at Lindblad Port. Both leaders will discuss a number of Imperial issues, including the assassination of Emperor Duval and the present military operations in the Pegasi sector.  
  
Rumours about the groups’ cooperation have been circulating since the start of the united Imperial offensive in the Pegasi sector. Both factions are presently engaged in a peacekeeping operation against the Kumo Crew, which began when Archon Delaine illegally invaded Imperial space and took Imperial citizens into slavery. Emperor`s Grace and Imperial Inquisition pilots are fighting together against this notorious crime lord, as both groups see him as a threat to galactic peace.  
  
Sources close to Admiral Brennus revealed that the factions share the same traditional Imperial values. A senior official noted that: "We both care about the Empire, the Imperial way of life, and Imperial citizens. We are natural allies. The Empire is going through tough times - we need to support each other.  
  
Commander Raf von Thorn  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-09-21   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-08-15   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,561 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
Workers of Manite Labour Union  
  
CD-31 2366 Empire Group  
  
LQ Hydrae Confederation  
  
Rusamai Prison Colony  
  
HR 2776 State Services  
  
Sagi Life Network  
  
Bureau of Pipera First  
  
Labour of Havalokul  
  
Aegilips Co  
  
Bragur United Group  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Services Suspended at Thoreau Orbital  
  
3302-09-22   
  
Personnel at Thoreau Orbital in the Obotrima system have been forced to suspend various services – a direct result of an Imperial campaign to destabilise the starport by flooding it with explosives.  
  
As a major manufacturing centre for autonomous defence drones, more commonly known as skimmers, the station was considered a priority target by the Empire.  
  
A member of startport personnel, who chose to remain anonymous, said:  
  
"The Federal Navy knew this attack was coming, but they did nothing. The independent pilots who delivered skimmer components did a great job, but without military support, how could they hope to foil the Empire's plan? Now Thoreau Orbital is in dire shape. Who knows how long it'll be before things are back to normal.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Aisling Duval Reviews her Security  
  
3301-08-15   
  
Aisling Duval Reviews her Security  
  
  
  
The personal security for Princess Aisling Duval is under review as yet another private conversation has been leaked to the press. Considering the content of the leaked recording some commentators have suggested that the princess would be better served by being more circumspect in what she says.  
  
Much of the audio is undistinguishable but at one stage Aisling can be heard saying:  
  
“Denton would never do something like this. He’s far too up tight and strait-laced. Besides, he’s a nobody now. That Lavigny bitch – she’ll get the sympathy vote from this and she knows it.”  
  
A spokeswoman for Princess Duval stated:  
  
“This is clearly a fake intended to discredit the princess. To think that someone would stoop to this type of low politics in our time of grief is repulsive.”  
  
# Community Goal: New Imperial Base in Pleiades Sector Ab-W B2-4  
  
3302-09-22   
  
The Merope Expeditionary Fleet has been tasked with constructing a new forward operating base in the Pleiades Sector Ab-W B2-4 system on behalf of the Empire. The new outpost will support the Empire's ongoing operations in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
A spokesperson for the Merope Expeditionary Fleet released a statement:  
  
"I realise some might perceive this as an attempt to assert Imperial dominion over the Pleiades Nebula, but establishing a strong military presence in the Pleiades is the only way we can oppose Federal attempts to establish a monopoly on meta-alloys.  
  
In support of this initiative, the Merope Expeditionary Fleet has placed an open order for Power Generators, Tantalum and Auto Fabricators, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to its base of operations at Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 22nd of September 3302 and will run for one week. If final targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Assassin’s Family Brutally Murdered  
  
3301-08-16   
  
Assassin’s Family Brutally Murdered  
  
  
  
The immediate family of Brendan Paul Darius – including his mother, father, sister and six year old niece – have been found murdered at their home on Eotienses. Inspector Reeve commented to local press that these were the most horrific deaths he had encountered in his many years of service.  
  
After the murderer of Emperor Hengist Duval was revealed to be Imperial citizen Brendan Paul Darius, a light protection duty was placed with his family in case of reprisals, although locals were sympathetic to the family’s dishonour rather than blaming them.  
  
Inspector Reeve didn’t comment on how the killers were able to subdue the guards, even though no fatalities in the team have been reported. The Inspector promised swift justice for the murders and called on anyone with any information to contact their local security office.  
  
# Community Goal: Federation Appeals for Exploration Data  
  
3302-09-22   
  
The Federation has issued a public appeal for exploration data as part of its ongoing operation in the Pleiades Nebula. The appeal is being coordinated by the Pleiades Resource Enterprise, which released the following statement to the media:  
  
"Given the recent discovery of possible non-human wreckage in the Pleiades, it is essential that we have comprehensive and up-to-date information on the entire region. We are therefore asking pilots to sweep the Pleiades and deliver any resultant exploration data to Pre Logistics Support Gamma in the Pleiades Sector IH-V C2-5 system. Commanders who contribute to this initiative will be generously rewarded.  
  
The announcement comes in the midst of animated debate over recent Federal and Imperial action in the Pleiades.  
  
The campaign begins on the 22nd of September 3302 and will run for one week. If final targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Further Disturbances in Mourners' Line  
  
3301-08-17   
  
Further Disturbances in Mourners' Line  
  
  
  
Imperial Naval infantry have once again intervened as protesters – who have taken issue with Senator Denton Patreus’s connection to Brendan Paul Darius, the Emperor’s murderer – attempted to prevent access to some of Senator Patreus’s allies late last night. This time the agitators resisted the soldiers’ efforts to maintain peace. After several attempts to peacefully resolve the situation, a riot squad was deployed to restore order.  
  
The action was efficiently completed, but smaller disturbances and protests flared up throughout the night. All were pacified by the troops but many mourners were forced to flee. Calm was eventually restored and an Imperial Guard company has now been stationed to secure the entrance to the Hall of Martyrs. A full regiment of Naval infantry has also been moved into the city.  
  
# Galactic News: Chairman of MetaDrive Inc. Passes Away  
  
3302-09-23   
  
Sad news from the Chi Orionis system this morning with reports that Femi Dakarai, chairman of the hyperdrive-research company MetaDrive Inc., has passed away following a short illness.  
  
Dakarai was taken ill last week after working tirelessly to secure financial backing for the company. Board members reported that he was working long hours and had been showing signs of stress for several months. An assessment of MetaDrive Inc. by an independent auditing firm appears to have been the final straw.  
  
"We should have acted sooner, but we were working extremely hard," said Rosaline Merden, company secretary. "With the company set to deliver on some very exciting technology in the coming year, it's particularly tragic. We will carry on in his memory.  
  
Board members were quick to pay their respects, and according to unofficial sources have made a generous payment to the Dakarai family on behalf of MetaDrive Inc.  
  
In related news, Raan Corsen, a junior employee of MetaDrive Inc., was recently suspended from the company after auditors detected account irregularities. Security forces in the Chi Orionis system, recently brought under the control of the Earth Defense Fleet, have asked the public to report any sightings of Corsen.  
  
MetaDrive Inc. has become something of a poster child for the depression currently affecting stock markets. Economic forecasts remain gloomy, with little prospect of improvement on the horizon.  
  
# Pirate POWs Pack Prisons  
  
3301-08-17   
  
Pirate POWs Pack Prisons  
  
  
  
The Pegasi Pirate War stemming from the United Imperial Offensive has taxed the logistical prowess of the Empire. Supplies, ships, and personnel must be transported up to hundreds of light years from their source to the Pegasi Sector. Provisioning the Imperial fleet over such distances is a monumental task in itself, but the steady stream of prisoners of war extradited to Imperial space must also be provisioned, guarded, and accommodated. Many prisoners await judgement by the Pilot’s Federation for their crimes, while others face judgement in Imperial courts.  
  
With many thousands of prisoners now in custody, accommodation is becoming an issue. Prisoners are currently held in hundreds of locations, creating additional logistical problems. Sources within Empire have indicated that a search for a suitable penal station, capable of holding all the prisoners, has begun.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-09-26   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
Fozard Dock, HIP 19934  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Newholm Station, Solthis  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Rutan Terminal, Minanes  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Roentgen Hub, LFT 37  
  
Finney Ring, Jitabos  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-08-17   
  
A Week in Powerplay  
  
  
  
It's time for another weekly report on the struggles of the foremost political powers in the galaxy. Some have fallen from grace and others have climbed higher than anyone expected. Read on for the details.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval seems set to remain the most influential individual in today’s political landscape. Immensely popular among members of the Pilots Federation, Arissa was able to secure seven more systems with ease while still contributing the bulk of the Imperial forces for the Pegasi Pirate War. While the size of her sphere of influence puts a heavy strain on the Princesses’ organisation, so far her pilots have managed to compensate through widespread fortification.  
  
Aisling Duval’s administration faces another week of internal turmoil, which explains her drop to #4 in the GalNet rankings. While the ‘Peoples’ Princess’ continues to enjoy the support of many Commanders, her short-term situation is difficult. Her sphere of influence has grown rapidly and now includes many systems that are draining her resources, leaving her space vulnerable to the increased enemy undermining seen during the past week.  
  
Zachary Hudson has extended his influence to four new systems this week, showcasing the increased ability of the president’s agents to project power across the galaxy. Hudson’s ability to expand his reach might be compromised, however, by developments at home, where enemy wings continue to attempt to undermine his control. Although determined defensive efforts allowed Hudson’s organisation to avoid falling into turmoil, it was a close call, sparking concerns for the future.  
  
Felicia Winters’ administration has recovered from the turmoil of last week thanks to well-coordinated fortification efforts and a minor decrease in enemy activity. While danger has not passed for the Shadow President’s organisation, her supporters have again showed an ability to resist sustained hostile efforts to undermine her control, which have plagued Winters for the last two months.  
  
Zemina Torval has seen her support base – which was previously dropping – stabilise and even slightly increase this week, as her supporters increase their efforts. Torval is still in an extremely difficult situation, however, as with almost a dozen of her systems undermined and both her organisation’s efforts to claim new systems failing, she is facing turmoil in her space. As her enemies smell blood in the water, it’s unclear if Torval’s organisation will be able to recover from its current difficulties.  
  
Denton Patreus has enjoyed a surge in support in recent weeks – a situation his Commanders used to expand his grasp, adding five new systems to his sphere of influence this week. This expansion came at the same time as a drop in fortification efforts at home, however, and focused counter-attacks from Kumo Crew pilots. With Patreus’ administration barely escaping turmoil, it seems that the Senator’s rapid expansion will be checked, for now, by problems at home.  
  
Edmund Mahon has proven without doubt that his #2 ranking is well deserved. Despite being the focus of extremely heavy enemy action, with seven systems undermined and several others threatened, the Alliance politician’s organisation avoided falling into turmoil with ease, even commanding a respectable reserve of resources to draw on. This is the result of both impressive fortification and a legacy of smart expansion choices, which is sure to make Mahon a formidable player on the galactic stage for the foreseeable future.  
  
Li Yong-Rui claims the #3 position in the GalNet rankings – an impressive achievement for an organisation with fairly modest levels of Commander support. Sirius Gov continues to benefit from a strong strategic position, high-income systems and diplomatic efforts, which ensures the organisation does not see as much hostile activity as some of its neighbours.  
  
Archon Delaine’s Kumo Crew has resisted the Imperial offensive in the Pegasi Sector for the past six weeks, and there is no end to the fighting in sight. While Archon’s control over most of his territory has been undermined, this has failed to push the pirate crew into turmoil, as his pilots focus their defence on a handful of key systems. What some envisioned as a quick knock-out blow has turned into a war of attrition, and as Torval, Patreus and Aisling face trouble at home, Arissa Lavigny-Duval’s legions might have to shoulder the burden of the conflict mostly by themselves.  
  
Pranav Antal has added five new systems to the Utopia, continuing the surprising surge in activity for this once-minor organisation. With the ambitious attempt to establish an Utopian commune in the distant colony of Takurua successful, it appears that Antal’s rise to #8 might be sustained, or even improved, as long as Utopia continues to enjoy a period of relative peace.  
  
Commander Cadoc  
  
## Federation  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-09-28   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Economy of Apalar Improves  
  
3301-08-17   
  
Economy of Apalar Improves  
  
  
  
Officials at Svavarsson Terminal in the Apalar system have announced that they have received the necessary quantities of industrial materials to elevate their system’s economy. The request issued by the government of Apalar was met with resounding enthusiasm, as independent pilots from across the galaxy helped to give the system the boost it needed.  
  
Rewards for those who delivered industrial materials to Apalar are still pending, but Apalar Labour will make an announcement when these rewards become available.  
  
# Community Goal: Aid for the Mu Koji Refugees  
  
3302-09-29   
  
Earlier this month, the Mu Koji system was engulfed in the ongoing conflict between the Empire and the Federation, as the superpowers staged rival operations to secure enemy intelligence.  
  
Although the battle only lasted a few days, the collateral damage was severe, resulting in the displacement of thousands of civilians. System authorities have responded by establishing a refugee centre at the Bujold Enterprise starport, but have found themselves unable to provide the many refugees with medicine and shelter.  
  
The Kalana Independents have therefore offered to fund a coordinated relief effort. The organisation has placed an open order for basic medicines and evacuation shelters, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Bujold Enterprise in the Kalana system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 29th of September 3302 and will run for one week. If final targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-08-18   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 415 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Siki Jet Creative Ltd  
  
Robor Crimson Travel Inc  
  
Aowica Empire Party  
  
HIP 112829 Silver Organisation  
  
Turir Creative Incorporated  
  
Movement for 34 Pegasi Values Party  
  
Jet Energy Co  
  
Hranit Democrats  
  
Calhuacan Empire Party  
  
Revolutionary Party of Ewah  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 670 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Jala Jet Camorra  
  
Andracanike Purple Federal Inc  
  
Union of Gliese 868 Green Party  
  
Kamito Patron's Principles  
  
LTT 5053 Crimson Clan  
  
15 Delphini Purple Raiders  
  
Wirnako Limited  
  
Kauruku Empire League  
  
Mbukuravi Jet Brothers  
  
HIP 35246 United Interstellar  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Enthusiastic Response to Federal Appeal  
  
3302-09-29   
  
A spokesperson for the Pleiades Resource Enterprise has announced that its appeal for exploration data was enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots contributed to the campaign by sweeping the Pleiades Nebula and delivering the resultant astronomical data to Pre Logistics Support Gamma in the Pleiades Sector IH-V C2-5 system.  
  
The organisation's spokesperson released the following statement:  
  
"The Federation extends its gratitude to those who supported this operation. If there are other crash sites like the one discovered in AB-W B2-4, it is imperative that we know. That's why this data is so important.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Pre Logistics Support Gamma in the Pleiades Sector IH-V C2-5 system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Florence Lavigny Calls for Calm  
  
3301-08-18   
  
Florence Lavigny Calls for Calm  
  
  
  
In her first public appearance since the death of her fiancé Emperor Hengist Duval on their wedding day, Florence Lavigny made a short statement in the Imperial Palace press hall and answered a few questions. Her comments come amongst rising tensions on Capitol.  
  
“We must remember proper decorum in this sad time. Our beloved Emperor would not want his death to be used as an excuse for some of the unpleasantness seen in our city. We should mark his passing with proper quiet reflection and respect for our fellow citizens.”  
  
Although clearly devastated by the loss of her long-time friend, she maintained an air of regal dignity, providing a glimpse of what she might have been as Empress Regent. As well as calling for calm, she recalled earlier times with the Emperor in his youth, even some events while her first husband Prince Aristide Lavigny was still alive. These anecdotes forced smiles from even the most sombre reporters gathered there.  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Appeal Comes to an End  
  
3302-09-29   
  
A spokesperson for the Merope Expeditionary Fleet has announced that its appeal for construction materials was enthusiastically received by the galactic community. Scores of independent pilots responded to the organisation's request, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Obsidian Orbital, the organisation's base of operations. The materials will be used to construct a new Imperial operating base in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system.  
  
The spokesperson released a statement.  
  
"I know there are some who decry the Empire for its part in this conflict. They believe that if we simply walked away, the conflict would end. But sometimes the only way to achieve peace is by opposing the tyrannical.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Imperial Citizenry Pays Tribute to Late Emperor  
  
3301-08-18   
  
Imperial Citizenry Pays Tribute to Late Emperor  
  
  
  
Far from the Hall of Martyrs, Imperial citizens across the Empire have been paying tribute to the late Emperor. Many local system authorities have renamed landmarks and buildings in his honour, and a few have commissioned architects and artists to create new memorials in local capitals. The grandest of these designs has been commissioned by the Facece Empire Party on Topaz, featuring a modernist interpretation of the late Emperor sat atop a triumphal arch in the capital's main square. A statement released by the Facece Empire Party reads: "This minimalist sculpture will represent the spirit of the late Emperor, and all those who went before him, as a caretaker watching over the people".  
  
Pilots’ bars have become more akin to literary salons of late, as commanders attempt to unravel the mystery behind Brendan Paul Darius' motives, and determine the existence of a possible mastermind behind the shocking assassination.  
  
Perhaps the greatest tributes have come from the ordinary Imperial citizenry. In the days since the Emperor's death, the Office of Imperial Statistics has reported a 16% upsurge in newborn males being named "Hengist", reflecting the populace's great affection for their late head of state.  
  
Commander Stateira "Starcloak" Eleshenar  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: The Martian Relic  
  
3302-09-30   
  
The discovery of mysterious wreckage in the Pleiades Nebula has rekindled interest in the so-called Martian Relic, an object discovered beneath the surface of Mars over one thousand years ago.  
  
Very little is known about the Relic except that it was discovered in 2280 and is relatively small, measuring no more than a few centimetres square. Indeed, there is so little concrete information in the public sphere that some have questioned the Relic's very existence. But leaked Federal records confirm that the object, which was sequestered by the Federal government shortly after its discovery, is very real.  
  
The discovery of the Unknown Artefacts, Unknown Probes and the mysterious wreckage in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system has prompted many to wonder anew at the Relic's origin. Naturally, some have speculated that it could be a Thargoid artefact, but with access to the Relic restricted, this theory can be neither proved nor disproved.  
  
Only one thing is for sure – until the Federal government decides to release information into the public domain, we have little option but to speculate.  
  
# Federation Continues Debate on War  
  
3301-08-19   
  
Federation Continues Debate on War  
  
  
  
Dissent is growing within Federation congress over the situation in the Pegasi sector. Though many view the Pegasi Pirate War as a chance to let the Empire waste their resources, a growing contingent is becoming frustrated with the Federation’s lack of response.  
  
"Tolerating such rampant lawlessness in our sphere of influence makes us look increasingly feckless. If we don’t react with a show of force, it’s an open invitation for every would-be warlord to subjugate Federation space”, Congressman McRand argued in congress today.  
  
“Involving ourselves in the same war as the Empire is just asking for a security and diplomatic nightmare. Frankly, I trust these Empire pilots little more than I so Archon Delaine”, responded Congresswoman Faye.  
  
Debate continues in congress over taking a more active stance in the war. At last count, over 140 Federation systems and 89 billion citizens were under the control of the Kumo Crew.  
  
Commander Zonr  
  
Times of Mars | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Imperial Prima Donnas Flash their Claws  
  
3302-09-30   
  
Princess Aisling Duval has clashed with former Imperial senator Lady Kahina Loren in an impromptu debate organised by The Imperial Citizen. Unbeknownst to either Princess Duval or Lady Kahina, parts of the altercation were broadcast live.  
  
Princess Duval was heard to say: "You really thought you could swan in here from your provincial little system and get away with murder? You even had designs on being Emperor. Have you any idea how ridiculous you look?  
  
"I'm not the one wearing a stupid wig," Loren retorted.  
  
"You're finished," said Princess Duval. "Everyone knows you're guilty. You'll be stripped of your rank and title, and no fancy speech can save you!  
  
"At least I don't need someone to write my speeches for me," Loren replied. "Anyone with half a brain can see this is a set up. Ask yourself this – who has the most to gain from this ridiculous charade?  
  
"Nice try. You'll pay for what you've done – Patreus will see to that. I know you hate him!  
  
"Oh, I despise the man," said Loren, "but if I wanted him dead, he'd be dead.  
  
Lady Kahina Loren's trial will take place in two weeks' time.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-08-19   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Freelance Report: Basking for Refugees  
  
3302-10-01   
  
A group of well-connected Imperial Commanders has descended on the Kalana system carrying medicines and evacuation shelters. The loosely organized 'Cutter Club', as the group calls itself, has pledged to meet the needs of the Mu Koji refugees.  
  
The Cutter Club has also organised a fundraising event in support of various other charitable efforts. The event, Basking for Refugees, will be streamed from Moore Prospect on the 2nd of October 3302 at 22:00 galactic standard time. The main event will feature daredevil SRV jumps over rows of Imperial Cutters. The public is invited to participate in the event, and to consider supporting a charity of their choice.  
  
Commander PeachSlicesV summed up the event:  
  
"War creates significant numbers of displaced, vulnerable and needy people. Whatever you can give will improve their lives. Who knows – one day they might save yours.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-08-19   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Galactic News: Curious Transmission Partially Decoded  
  
3302-10-01   
  
In early August, an antique Cobra Mk III was interred at the Tionisla Orbital Graveyard. Shortly before the ship was laid to rest, a beacon aboard the vessel transmitted a repeating sequence of curious characters.  
  
The sequence was picked up by several listening and relay posts in the Tionisla system, and it has now been determined that it contains content obscured with an unknown encryption. The encrypted data is followed by an apparently meaningless clear-text phrase: 'The vain queen rides a giraffe that remembers her daughter's hero.'  
  
Intelligence services within the Alliance, Empire and Federation are said to be investigating the message, but no official statements have yet been made. Both the sender and intended recipient of the message remain a mystery.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# A Brief Look Back  
  
3301-08-19   
  
A Brief Look Back  
  
  
  
In this series, we look at some of history’s less well-known figures, and examine the part they have played in shaping the galaxy. This week, we revisit a group of individuals whose exploits were covered by a number of media outlets last year.  
  
Commander Angel Rose  
  
Angel Rose’s career belies her relatively mundane origins, which saw her grow up on a starport under the watchful eye of her mother, Maugvahnna Rose. Angel’s rebellious streak was evident from an early age, however, and in a calculated attempt to exasperate her mother, she left home at the earliest opportunity to become a trader.  
  
Unfortunately for Angel, things did not pan out exactly as she had hoped, and through a sequence of unfortunate events, the aspiring merchant found herself drawn into a life of crime, ultimately becoming a reluctant (and not entirely successful) assassin. This in turn led to her entanglement with a group of pirates, resulting in the events that so entertained the viewers of the Underground Channel last year.  
  
Maugvahnna Rose  
  
Most of those who know Maugvahnna Rose would describe her as a ruthless social climber, and in most cases they would mean it as a compliment. The daughter of a seamstress and a corporate pen-pusher, Maugvahnna was never going to be content to follow in her parent’s footsteps, and at 23 she married the most powerful man that her limited social network gave her access to. Four years later she gave birth to her only child, Angel, although it fair to say that Maugvahnna was never burdened with an overabundance of maternal spirit. She went on to carve out a career as a starport captain, and played only a small part in the misfortunes that drove her daughter to a life of criminality. At least, that’s how Maugvahnna tells it.  
  
Pirate Dread Katherine  
  
With her thick mass of shoulder-length dreadlocks and studded gun-metal jewellery, few would mistake ‘Dread’ Katherine for anything other than what she is – a pirate. Born into a wealthy agricultural family, Katherine was kidnapped by pirates when she was just 19, and found herself an unwilling spectator to a campaign of murderous plundering – an experience that gave rise to a profound hatred of any form of machismo, and indeed of men in general. But Katherine’s proximity to the pirate life also bred a certain appetite for its dangers and freedoms, and it wasn’t long before she became a pirate in her own right. Today, Pirate Dread Katherine is one of the most feared buccaneers in her region of space.  
  
# Galactic News: Acrimony on Achenar  
  
3302-10-01   
  
An anonymous source has indicated that the scandal surrounding former senator Kahina Tijani Loren has awoken latent animosity within the Imperial powerbase.  
  
The source claims that recent events have brought the affairs of Admiral Denton Patreus, Princess Aisling Duval and even Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval into the spotlight, and that much intrigue and politicking is taking place behind closed doors.  
  
Princess Duval, following an embarrassing story from The Imperial Citizen, said: "Isn't it interesting that this happens just as a crisis is developing on our borders? While the media is preoccupied with that psychopathic Loren woman, the real stories are being ignored!  
  
Neither Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval nor Admiral Denton Patreus deigned to comment on the matter.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-08-20   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,000 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Dominion of Ross 718  
  
Dukes of Pira  
  
Primi Patrons of Law  
  
New Hrimfaxi Party  
  
League of Hrimfaxi Justice Party  
  
Kweleutahe Transport Industries  
  
Kweleutahe Corporation  
  
SPOCS 495 Purple Fortune Co  
  
SPOCS 495 Allied Solutions  
  
Summerland Patron's Principles  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Mu Koji Appeal Concludes  
  
3302-10-04   
  
Last week, the Kalana Independents launched a relief campaign for the people of Mu Koji, many of whom were displaced by the Federal-Imperial conflict that swept through the system in early September. Today, a spokesperson for the organisation announced that the galactic community had delivered huge quantities of aid relief to Bujold Enterprise, currently home of the system's refugees.  
  
In a statement, the spokesperson said:  
  
"The pilots who supported this campaign have reason to feel proud. Thanks to you, the authorities in Mu Koji will now be able to keep the system's refugees comfortable until they are returned to their homes.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Bujold Enterprise in the Kalana system.  
  
# Gun Battle Ends Darius Family Murder Investigation  
  
3301-08-20   
  
Gun Battle Ends Darius Family Murder Investigation  
  
  
  
The hunt for the killers of the Darius family came to a dramatic conclusion today in a firefight with local security forces on Eotienses.  
  
The Darius family was brutally murdered four days ago in what is believed to be revenge for Brendan Paul Darius’s assassination of Emperor Hengist Duval. All of the suspects – who are understood to have been local vigilantes seeking revenge for the Emperor’s murder – were killed in the operation. In a statement, Inspector Reeve, who led the investigation, said:  
  
“Considering the savagery with which the suspects butchered the Darius family, we couldn’t take any chances while attempting to arrest them. They were heavily armed and opened fire as our officers entered the building.”  
  
He refused to answer questions about why the family wasn’t in protective custody, or how the protection team were able to be subdued so easily. One local witness of the operation claimed that no attempt was made to arrest the suspects, an accusation Inspector Reeve vigorously denied.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-10-04   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Finney Ring, Jitabos  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Rutan Terminal, Minanes  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Medupe City, Cubeo  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
# Children of Liberty Offer Prescription for Empire's Future  
  
3301-08-20   
  
Children of Liberty Offer Prescription for Empire's Future  
  
  
  
The group known as 'Children of Liberty' released another public statement today, this time addressing what it sees as the "crossroads" the Empire finds itself at in the wake of Emperor Hengist Duval’s assassination.  
  
"Everyone can see that the Empire is at a crossroads, but it is not just a question of who will lead the Empire - it is a question of whether that leader will be answerable to the people. The Empire was founded on the principle of a representative democracy, one in which senators – duly elected by the people – carry out the peoples' will. Marlin Duval would be ashamed of how her noble vision has been twisted and corrupted by her brother and his progeny.  
  
The statement went on to lament that none of the current claimants seem qualified to "restore liberty and honour" to the Empire, although the statement did say that "ironically enough, Aisling Duval embraces the most democratic methods, and goals, of all the claimants. Perhaps if she embraced the aim of returning the Empire to its democratic roots, the lovers of freedom in this galaxy would have someone they could actually support.  
  
Commander Virgil Kyle  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-10-05   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Democracy Threatened in Old Worlds  
  
3301-08-20   
  
Democracy Threatened in Old Worlds  
  
  
  
Allegations have surfaced from sources close to the office of Prime Minister Edmund Mahon that unnamed elements within the Pilots Federation are deliberately undermining democratic factions in the Old Worlds. These groups are allegedly scheming to push corporate governments into power to strengthen trade agreements with Alioth.  
  
The Lave system appears to be the latest victim of these efforts. With support from independent pilots, the incorporated Lave Fortune Organization has become the most influential faction in the system. If they are successful, Lave will become the third system in the cluster – after Leesti and Reorte – to have its democratic government overthrown by a corporation.  
  
The rise of the Alliance as a galactic power has brought prosperity to the Old Worlds, but commentators fear that its basic principles are being undercut by Edmund Mahon in order to protect trade interests. The Prime Minister’s office has yet to respond to these allegations.  
  
Commander Kulzar (AKA Léonard Chamberlain)  
  
Allied News Service | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
# Community Goal: Restoring Order in Slink's Eye  
  
3302-10-06   
  
Security forces in the Slink's Eye system have reported a dramatic upswing in pirate activity. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking civilians, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
In response to this development, the Revolutionary Slink's Eye Liberals has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the Slink's Eye system, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Kelleam Ring. The organisation has also vowed to reimburse those who deliver reactive armour to Kelleam Ring to bolster local security forces.  
  
The campaign begins on the 6th of October and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Commodities needed in the Kamcha, Dinkas and Jang Di Systems  
  
3301-08-20   
  
Commodities needed in the Kamcha, Dinkas and Jang Di Systems  
  
  
  
A mysterious organisation called Emperor’s Dawn has issued open contracts for a diverse selection of commodities: Ceremonial Heike Tea, Battle Weapons, and Toxic Waste. Each of these is to be delivered to a specific starport, as outlined below:  
  
Battle Weapons should be taken to Saarinen Station in the Kamcha system  
  
Ceremonial Heike Tea should be taken to Sikorsky Orbital in the Jang Di system  
  
Toxic Waste should be taken to Blaauw Port in the Dinkas system  
  
Little is known about Emperor’s Dawn, but it seems that the curiously-named organisation, which is based in the Kamcha system, has access to considerable resources, as it is throwing a lot of money at this commercial endeavour. Pilots of a mercantile disposition would do well to consider participating in this effort, as there is certainly an opportunity for resourceful traders to make a tidy profit.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Appeal Comes to an End  
  
3302-10-06   
  
The Federation has announced that its campaign to construct a new outpost in the Maia system has received the enthusiastic support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal for construction materials by delivering auto fabricators, titanium, and power generators to Obsidian Orbital in Maia.  
  
A spokesperson for the Pleiades Resource Enterprise, which coordinated the campaign, released a brief statement:  
  
"The potential value of the meta-alloys – to say nothing of the barnacles themselves – is enormous, and it is essential that Imperial efforts to control them be opposed. This new outpost will help us achieve that aim.  
  
"I would like to personally thank those who supported this initiative. Remember – the stars shine brightest on the Federation.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Claims of Federal Involvement  
  
3301-08-21   
  
Claims of Federal Involvement  
  
  
  
With the long history of conflict between the superpowers, it is not unexpected that some of the more paranoid members of the Imperial population have directed their suspicions concerning the Emperor’s assassination at the Federation. While no-one in authority within the Empire takes these claims seriously, some of the citizens and lower members of Imperial society wonder that if the claims aren’t true, then why don’t those in charge simply say so?  
  
Some believe that these unanswered, if unreasonable, questions lay at the heart of some of the trouble reported in the queue of mourners on Capitol.  
  
To many of us, the thought that the Federation would risk all-out war by killing the leader of the only other superpower capable of battling them on equal terms is far out there. But it’s not the craziest theory by a long mark.  
  
Conspiracy theorist Ricardo Bentonio claims that the Emperor is not dead, instead it is just his human host that has been transformed and the being we knew as Emperor Hengist Duval has returned to his homeworld in the Andromeda galaxy.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Exploration or Surveillance?  
  
3302-10-07   
  
A spokesperson for the Sirius Corporation has revealed that the mega-corporation has deployed hundreds of deep-space probes and signalling technologies throughout the galaxy.  
  
The spokesperson said: "Sending pilots into the void is fraught with danger. These probes can go further and faster than a human pilot, at much reduced cost and with, I daresay, more reliability. We've been working closely with the Mars High Astrocartography department on the probes' design.  
  
"Human pilots are interested in sightseeing, chasing myths and 'making their mark' on the galactic stage. They get sidetracked. Our probes are immune to such distractions. At present, galactic exploration is conducted in a sporadic and improvisational way. Soon we will have far better coverage of the galaxy.  
  
One independent pilot, who opted to remain anonymous, said: "There's something odd about this. I'd hazard a guess these probes have self-defence capabilities. I'll be giving them a wide berth.  
  
# President’s Bodyguard Found Murdered  
  
3301-08-21   
  
President’s Bodyguard Found Murdered  
  
  
  
The Federal Security Services today revealed that a member of the Presidential Protection Detail has been found dead in her home.  
  
“Agent Susan Monroe was killed in the early hours of this morning and there is evidence that her residence had been searched. At this time we do not know why, or if anything was taken. Her death was caused by several stab wounds to the chest and neck.”  
  
When asked whether there were any suspects in the case, the spokeswoman responded:  
  
“We don’t have a suspect at this stage and the investigation is progressing. We do want to speak with Elaine Boyd, who was romantically involved with Agent Monroe, and have identified her as a person of interest in the case. We urge her to contact us to help us with our investigation. If anyone knows the whereabouts of Elaine Boyd then they should inform us or their local law enforcement agency.”  
  
Elaine Boyd is a reporter with the Federal Times, which refused to comment when asked about the reporter.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-10-12   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Imperial Slave Association Audited  
  
3301-08-21   
  
Imperial Slave Association Audited  
  
  
  
A surprise audit of the Imperial Slave Association was recently conducted by a special committee of the Imperial senate. The records and practices of the ISA were meticulously examined to ensure compliance with laws governing the treatment and transportation of Imperial slaves. The committee found numerous violations of transportation regulations in systems near Imperial borders, and numerous border-security officers and pilots were subsequently indicted for these violations.  
  
No serious violations concerning the treatment of Imperial Slaves were uncovered, though many warnings were issued to those who were found holding slaves beyond their fixed term of service. Imperial slaves found in these circumstances were restored to full citizenship and reimbursed for the labour they performed beyond their established term.  
  
The ISA issued a statement following the audit:  
  
“We wish to reiterate that the sale of Imperial slaves to non-Imperials and to systems beyond Imperial space is strictly prohibited. Any who are found engaging in this illicit activity will be held accountable.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# Galactic News: Colonia Appeal Concludes  
  
3302-10-13   
  
It has been four weeks since the Latugara PLC announced plans to establish a series of outposts between the burgeoning Colonia Nebula community and the core of human-inhabited space.  
  
Since then, the galactic community has delivered huge quantities of materials to Love Orbital for use in the construction.  
  
A spokesperson for the Latugara PLC released a statement, thanking those who contributed to the campaign:  
  
"We are hugely grateful to the many Commanders who supported this initiative. You have done a great deal to facilitate travel to and from the nascent Colonia community. Construction of the new outposts is expected to begin within the next few weeks.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Love Orbital in the Latugara system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-08-22   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,480 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
People's Nu Tauri Independents  
  
Nima for Equality  
  
HIP 78866 Services  
  
HIP 53509 Partners  
  
Workers of Skeggiko O Labour  
  
Lexovit Empire League  
  
Hun Nighu Empire Party  
  
Caneph PLC  
  
Confederation of Kong Tzu  
  
Antanasata Co-operative  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Alliance Outpost in the California Nebula  
  
3302-10-13   
  
Last week, the Alliance deployed a flotilla to the California Sector BA-A E6 system in the California Nebula. The act proved controversial, prompting accusations that the Alliance was attempting to lay claim to the organic structures on California Sector BA-A E6 4 of the California Sector BA-A E6 system.  
  
In the wake of this development, the Alliance has announced plans to construct a new outpost on California Sector BA-A E6 4. According to an Alliance spokesperson, the station will serve as "a centre for scientific study, supporting our ongoing research into the organic structures and meta-alloys".  
  
In support of this initiative, the Alliance has placed an open order for geological equipment, hazardous-environment suits and pesticides. 160 SOAR, which is coordinating the appeal, has promised to reward pilots who deliver these commodities to Tshang City in the Furuhjelm III-674 system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 13th of October 3302 and will run for two weeks. If final targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Operation Uranus’ Successful  
  
3301-08-22   
  
Operation Uranus’ Successful  
  
  
  
This week, Archon Delaine hit back at the renewed Imperial offensive. Using a multi-pronged attack, the Kumo Crew struck hard at systems under the influence of Senator Patreus. Dubbed ‘Operation Uranus’, the campaign successfully pushed the system of Contiku into turmoil.  
  
The number of Kumo Crew raids within Imperial space increased during the week, with multiple Imperial commanders reporting run-ins with the cartel. Although a combined task force of Imperial powers laid siege to the Pegasi sector, pilots loyal to Senator Patreus failed to prevent the pirate counter-attack. This may jeopardize the fragile alliance between the powers, and strengthen internal opposition to the Pegasi Pirate War.  
  
Time will tell if the operation has shifted the balance of the power, but Archon Delaine certainly refuses to go gently into the night.  
  
Commander Mikalus  
  
Liaedin Chronicle | Interstellar Press  
  
# Community Goal: The Gathering  
  
3302-10-13   
  
Each year, the Annual Galactic Games Organisation holds an elaborate gaming tournament known as the Gathering, enticing the rich and famous to a chosen system for a week-long party.  
  
This year's event will take place at the Norman – Mavis's Bingo Palace starport in the Aramzahd system, chosen for its proximity to the lush planet of Guardinia. In addition to the games, there will be historical flight displays and presentations from many of the galaxy's premier ship manufacturers. System authorities have welcomed the event, which is expected to attract thousands of guests and bring in millions of credits.  
  
In anticipation of the event, the Aramzahd Empire Party has placed an open order for Centauri Mega Gin, Giant Irukama Snails, Lavian Brandy, Tanmark Tranquil Tea and Witchhaul Kobe Beef. Pilots who deliver these commodities to Norman - Mavis's Bingo Palace in the Aramzahd system will be generously rewarded. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in Aramzahd, to ensure the safety of those attending the event.  
  
The campaign begins on the 13th October 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Federal Times Reporter Named as Murder Suspect  
  
3301-08-23   
  
Federal Times Reporter Named as Murder Suspect  
  
  
  
Following news of the brutal murder of Agent Susan Monroe, the Federal Security Services upgraded Elaine Boyd’s person of interest status to 'suspect', and called for any information regarding the reporter’s movements.  
  
“This was a particularly savage murder of a person who laid their life on the line. We believe that Elaine Boyd was using her lover to access confidential information. While we haven’t yet ascertained the exact nature of the information she was trying to access or why she murdered the agent. It is also unknown whether Agent Monroe was a willing participant in the information retrieval, although we believe that her murder indicates that she was not.  
  
“We urge anybody who sees Elaine Boyd to report her location immediately. At this time she is considered dangerous and should not be approached.”  
  
In a statement, the Chief Editor of the Federal Times said:  
  
“Having worked with Miss Boyd for seven years, I find it hard to imagine that she could commit the crime she is accused of. We are of course helping the security services with their inquiries, but I can confirm we have had no contact with Miss Boyd for several days.”  
  
# Galactic News: Anti-Piracy Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-10-13   
  
Authorities in Slink's Eye have announced that the operation to clear the system of pirates has received the enthusiastic support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots contributed to the operation, taking to their ships to eliminate the agitators operating in the system, and providing local security forces with deliveries of reactive armour.  
  
Jaylon Hart, head of local security, thanked those who supported the initiative.  
  
"There are some damn good pilots in my team, but we just don't have the resources to counter offensives of this scale. By providing us with combat support and much-needed supplies, the galactic community played an essential role in protecting the people of Slink's Eye. We're hugely grateful to both the public and the Revolutionary Slink's Eye Liberals.  
  
Rewards for those who contributed to the operation can now be collected from Kelleam Ring.  
  
# Emperor’s Killer Not Working Alone?  
  
3301-08-23   
  
Emperor’s Killer Not Working Alone?  
  
  
  
While Chancellor Anders Blaine has provided almost daily updates on the investigation of Emperor Hengist Duval’s assassination there has been little progress of note until today. The breakthrough is reported to have originated from an investigation into the killing of Brendan Paul Darius’ family.  
  
The local investigator, Inspector Reeve, discovered encrypted data files hidden within the toys of the six year old girl killed in the attack. These files have revealed the existence of a secret group – calling themselves Emperor’s Dawn. They are an ultra-traditionalist movement fearing the erosion of imperial values.  
  
The exact reason why the Emperor was targeted is as yet unknown, but it was discovered that Princess Aisling has also been targeted by the group. In response to this threat her security has been increased.  
  
Chancellor Blaine concluded his update by saying:  
  
“This unexpected development has revealed a hideous cancer within our society. One that will be hunted down and eradicated with the utmost urgency.”  
  
# Freelance Report: The Cassiopeia Expedition  
  
3302-10-14   
  
The Earth Expeditionary Fleet has announced plans to mount a bold expedition beyond the Perseus Arm to find two stellar objects in the Cassiopeia constellation first noted by Earth astronomers in the distant past.  
  
"The Cassiopeia Project differs from other expeditions," said Commander Finn McMillan. "We will attempt to locate two supernova remnants, which have yet to be found despite numerous attempts from independent explorers. Our targets are Cassiopeia A and Tycho's star.  
  
"This is not space tourism. The expedition to Cassiopeia A will take us into an area of space referred to as the Formidine Rift, which before the advent of the frame shift drive had a reputation as a kind of Bermuda Triangle. Few who venture into the Rift return to tell the tale.  
  
The expedition is expected to depart from Chi Orionis in the first week of November 3302.  
  
Jaiotu  
  
# Federal and Imperial Diplomats Discuss the Pegasi Sector  
  
3301-08-24   
  
Federal and Imperial Diplomats Discuss the Pegasi Sector  
  
  
  
Historically, areas of mutual interest have resulting in cooperation between the Empire and the Federation. Now it seems that the humanitarian crisis in the Pegasi Sector represents one such mutual interest.  
  
In a meeting between Federation and Imperial commanders, Commander Nyluss of the Merchant Marines offered these words: "We must re-establish liberty in those zones that have become lawless. The Kumo Crew and its vagabond leader will no longer be tolerated in our space. I call upon all Federation pilots. How can you tolerate this encroachment upon our worlds?”  
  
Commander Corrigendum of Lavigny’s Legion added: “We welcome all those who want to oppose the tyranny of Archon Delaine, and ask that Federation and Imperial commanders operating in the Pegasi sector give one another a wide berth as they work toward the common goal of bringing Delaine to justice.  
  
Commander Corrigendum, Lavigny's Legion  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Location of Colonia Outposts Announced  
  
3302-10-14   
  
Latugara PLC, which recently launched a successful campaign to establish a series of outposts between the Colonia Nebula and the core systems, has announced where the new outposts will be built. The name of each outpost has also been revealed.  
  
The complete list is as follows:  
  
Hillary Depot – Blu Thua AI-A c14-10, planet A 4A  
  
Amundsen Terminal – Lagoon Sector NI-S b4-10, planet 1  
  
Eagle's Landing – Eagle Sector IR-W d1-117, planet 2 A  
  
Sacaqawea Space Port – Skaudai CH-B d14-34, planet 1 A  
  
Gigarin Gate – Gru Hypue KS-T d3-31, planet 4  
  
Polo Harbour – Boewnst KS-S c20-959, planet A 2 A  
  
Construction is expected to begin within the next few weeks.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-08-25   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 432 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Meiri Fortune Industries  
  
HIP 98211 Silver Electronics  
  
Lu Pah Prison Colony  
  
Labour of V902 Centauri  
  
Kitjali Patron's Principles  
  
Amphisatsu Empire Group  
  
Ehecatl Silver Creative Ltd  
  
Leesti Alliance Union  
  
Progressive Party of Meiri  
  
LHS 142 United Solutions  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 671 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Allied Veamit Movement  
  
United San Muss Values Party  
  
Contiku Empire League  
  
Aristocrats of Aurawala  
  
Hiranyaksha Co  
  
Groombridge 1618 Inc  
  
Krivasho Co-operative  
  
HIP 107494 Public Company  
  
Krivasho Dominion  
  
Left Party of Polecteri  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Kahina Loren Stripped of her Rank  
  
3302-10-14   
  
Kahina Tijani Loren has been stripped of the rank of senator for delegating her responsibilities in respect of the Prism system to Ambassador Cuthrick Delaney in 3301.  
  
An aide for Admiral Denton Patreus said: "Loren gave up her senatorial responsibilities, so it's unreasonable that she continue to be protected by the title. Frankly, she shouldn't be described as a 'lady', either, but we will let the courts make that determination.  
  
This means Loren will now be tried based on the laws of her nominated home system, which is of course the Prism system. Loren has been moved from Achenar and is presumed to be en route to Prism, under guard.  
  
While Prism remains under the supervision of Ambassador Cuthrick Delaney, it is heavily exploited by Admiral Patreus. Patreus's aide said: "Those without a proper appreciation of due process might believe there is a conflict of interest, given Admiral Patreus's influence in Prism, but we can ensure the galactic community that Imperial law will be followed to the letter.  
  
# Famous Reporter Commits Suicide  
  
3301-08-25   
  
Famous Reporter Commits Suicide  
  
  
  
The hunt for Elaine Boyd ended today with the discovery of her body in a low-rent hotel in Wyrd. Local law enforcement reported that they received an anonymous tip-off about her location and discovered her body as they gained entry.  
  
The former reporter of the Federal Times was accused of murdering her partner, Agent Susan Monroe. An investigation into her death is already underway and agents from the Federal Security Service have been granted special access to assist the independent local police.  
  
The police have so far refused to provide any details, but an off-the-record source has revealed that a suicide note was found. It allegedly states that she could no longer live with the guilt of killing her lover.  
  
The Federal Times has so far refused to comment on the fate of their reporter.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-10-20   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Jacobi Hub, Basuki An  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Rutan Terminal, Minanes  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Medupe City, Cubeo  
  
i Sola Prospect, Brestla  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Finney Ring, Jitabos  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
# Report Raises Concerns about Operation Davy Jones  
  
3301-08-25   
  
Report Raises Concerns about Operation Davy Jones  
  
  
  
The Stratis Information Group, an independent think-tank of political, defence, and economics analysts, has published an in-depth study of Operation Davy Jones, the ongoing conflict between the Imperial Navy and the forces of Archon Delaine.  
  
Aside from providing statistics regarding the current Imperial deployment, the report raises concerns about the overall purpose of the operation, stating that: “The current premise of ridding the Pegasi sector of the Kumo Crew is merely a cover for aggressive Imperial expansion into Federation-aligned systems.”  
  
Stratis analyst Marcus Orrin elaborated on the concerns: “The Imperial Navy has invested a tremendous amount of effort and resources in securing the Pegasi sector. To believe they will simply withdraw from the region once hostilities come to an end is to ignore historical precedents. The Empire will likely maintain an occupation force in the Pegasi sector for some time after.”  
  
Commander Driggers  
  
Times of Mars | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: The Walter Waldo Appeal  
  
3302-10-20   
  
Gyvatices Crimson Advanced Holdings has announced plans to hold a special commemorative event for the late entrepreneur Walter Waldo.  
  
Waldo, who passed away last week, was the founder of Wonderful Walter's Fish and Coffee Emporium, a popular galactic franchise.  
  
A spokesperson for GCAH released the following statement:  
  
"Walter was a keen fisherman and a true coffee connoisseur, so what better way to celebrate his life than with a fish and coffee festival. We've placed an open order for fish and coffee in support of the event, and set aside a generous reserve for pilots who deliver these commodities to Walter Dock.  
  
The campaign begins on the 20th October 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-08-26   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Galactic News: Gathering Appeal Concludes  
  
3302-10-20   
  
The Aramzahd Empire Party has announced that its appeal for commodities for the Gathering 3302 has received the wholehearted support of the galactic community. Hundreds of pilots responded to the organisation's request for rare foods and alcohol, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to the Norman–Mavis's Bingo Palace starport.  
  
The organisation has also confirmed that its campaign to clear the Aramzahd system of agitators was equally successful, thanks to the many independent combat pilots who supported the operation. Those planning to attend the event will now be able to do so in safety.  
  
Pilots who supported the campaigns are now free to collect their rewards from Norman–Mavis's Bingo Palace in the Aramzahd system.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Civil Aid Crisis as Millions of Mourners Fill Capitol  
  
3301-08-26   
  
Civil Aid Crisis as Millions of Mourners Fill Capitol  
  
  
  
The civic authorities on Capitol have reported needing to use strategic reserves of food, medical supplies and shelters as millions of mourners now fill the streets, waiting for their chance to see Emperor Hengist Duval’s body before the funeral next week.  
  
In all of history there has never been as many people on the home planet of the Empire as there are today. This strain has pushed all of the emergency services way beyond capacity, so extra troops have been drafted in for increased security and to assist with distributing the aid. Imperial Navy personnel are also providing medical and rescue services, with temporary command areas deployed throughout the city.  
  
The problem is exacerbated by the mourners remaining in the city after paying their respects. People are being urged to leave the Capitol if they have already visited the Hall of Martyrs, but many are choosing to stay to witness the funeral.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Strengthening the Colonia Community  
  
3302-10-20   
  
The Colonia Council, the governing body of the Colonia system, has launched a campaign to expand infrastructure and manufacturing facilities in the region. The initiative is intended to support future colonisation of the Colonia Nebula, and address the needs of the growing Colonia community.  
  
In a statement, a spokesperson for the Council elaborated on the nature of the campaign:  
  
"Colonia is expanding rapidly, and with an official colonisation initiative due to start soon, we need to make sure we can meet our citizens' needs.  
  
"The colony has received a lot of support from the galactic community, but if it's going to become a fully fledged society, we need proper infrastructure.  
  
In support of this initiative, the Colonia Council has placed an open order for mined palladium, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver the required material to Jaques Station in the Colonia system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 20th of October 3302 and will run for two weeks.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-08-26   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Freelance Report: The SHEPARD Mission  
  
3302-10-21   
  
In honour of Alan Shepard, the second human being to enter space, a group of independent pilots has announced a galactic endurance expedition. The SHEPARD Mission (Stellar Heliographic Expedition for Proto-Astronomical Reconnaissance and Discovery) will document three types of stellar measurement: star composition and clustering, unknown supernova remnants, and star triangulation and migration.  
  
The SHEPARD Mission will consist of five legs covering 37 waypoints and 12 base camps in the Centaurus Reach, the Scutum-Centaurus Arm, the Styx and the galactic core. The mission will also include an SRV planetary-circumnavigation endurance race and a climb to the galactic ceiling using newly discovered Pulsar-FSD boost technology.  
  
Still accepting pilots, SHEPARD will last six months and depart from the Sol system on the 5th of November 3302.  
  
Commander Parabolus  
  
# Athena System Hosts ‘XYZ Fight Club’  
  
3301-08-26   
  
Athena System Hosts ‘XYZ Fight Club’  
  
  
  
The popular gladiatorial tournament known as the ‘XYZ Fight Club’ took place again this weekend. Our reporters were ringside for the spectacle. Pilots descended on Athena, pitting dog-fighting skills against one another in both light and medium ships.  
  
Criminals targeting participant Commander Angel Rose marred the start of the event and forced an evacuation of Darboux Orbital, but Commanders Rhea and Lynk1973 ensured that contingency arenas allowed combatants and spectators to avoid further harassment.  
  
Commanders Bodmans, Danten and Old Sauveur dominated play for the light rounds – fast-paced jousting with no shortage of collisions. Commanders DJTruthsayer, Estelath, Ace Rimzy and Jankster gave solid performances, but were knocked out.  
  
The light semi-finals saw Bodmans – recent champion of the Sol Grand Prix – facing off against Commander Rainy Day in close-quarters knife-fighting. Rainy Day spent chaff and shield-cells before Bodmans delivered the deathblow – a barrage of missile-fire – that delighted the audience.  
  
Medium-class contents continued into the night, involving Couriers, Vipers, and Diamondback Scouts. Commander Synaptic made notable use of their DBS-stealth capabilities to evade missile-fire, but eventually succumbed to their opponent’s attacks.  
  
Angel Rose's Viper took on Commander Louise of Darkwater's Courier. Audiences watching the event live cheered the commander from Slough Orbital, but it was not enough to protect her from her opponent’s rail-fire as a victorious Louise of Darkwater moved into the later rounds.  
  
Showing impressive skill in the marathon tournament, the same pair of combatants managed to reach the finals for both classes. Bodmans and Old Sauveur intitially exchanged fire in Eagles, with Old Sauveur proving victorious in the fast-paced battle through a well-timed use of shield cells. Going head-to-head in Couriers to decide the victor of the medium heats, Bodmans eventually claimed victory at the end of a protracted defensive battle.  
  
Commander Edgar Starwalker  
  
Lomas Racing News | Interstellar Press  
  
# Galactic News: Patreus Rails against London Treaty  
  
3302-10-21   
  
Commentators have reacted with surprise and dismay to a speech from Admiral Denton Patreus at a military tattoo on Achenar, in which he spoke in strident tones about the London Treaty. The treaty, established in 3278, imposes limits on capital-ship construction in order to prevent possible arms races.  
  
"This treaty was foisted on us by overzealous Federal lawyers," said Patreus. "Now it is used to limit our ability to defend ourselves. This I cannot accept.  
  
"I am proud to announce that henceforth the Empire will build as many ships as it needs, treaty restrictions be damned!  
  
Federal representatives were quick to denounce Patreus's proposal, saying it would have severe repercussions. But stock markets in the core systems reacted favourably to the news, with reports indicating that the Empire had already secured several construction contracts.  
  
Admiral Patreus will soon depart for the Prism system to oversee the trial of Kahina Loren.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Heike Starport Security under Strain  
  
3301-08-26   
  
Heike Starport Security under Strain  
  
  
  
On patrol outside the busy starport of Brunel Station, Heike Security Forces pilot Kenji Nobu reluctantly admits that not all visitors to the station are being subjected to "the full scrutiny of the law".  
  
"There's just too many of them and too few of us", Nobu said, resignedly. In the last 24 hours, nearly 750 ships have docked at Brunel Station, mostly small or medium transport ships – over 10 times normal volumes.  
  
"Word is that the brass is waiting on approval for emergency funds. The pilots’ union rep said we might have to put in some overtime. Nothing I haven't heard before, though", said Nobu.  
  
Dockworker Sothy Ferrell elaborated on what was drawing pilots to the station: "Some fruits, some coffee, but mostly tea. How 'bout those monks growing the stuff? No doubt they're loaded!  
  
It has been reported that a faction called Emperor's Dawn has recently issued a contract for large quantities of ceremonial Heike tea. The group is located over 200 light years from Heike, with most of the journey lying within Federation space.  
  
"I might recognize a name or two coming up on the scanner”, said Nobu, “but most of it just runs together. Listen, I gotta get back to my patrol.”  
  
Commander Tyber de Maat  
  
Zaonce Market Circular | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: MetaDrive Acquired by Sirius Corporation  
  
3302-10-22   
  
Board members of MetaDrive Inc. today announced the sale of MetaDrive Inc. to the Sirius Corporation. Rosaline Merden, acting Chair of MetaDrive, was clearly pleased with the outcome. At a press conference, she said:  
  
"The board of MetaDrive wholeheartedly welcomes the security this acquisition brings. As part of the Sirius Corporation, the MetaDrive brand will continue to go from strength to strength.  
  
Reporters asked about the ongoing audit of MetaDrive, and also the fate of former employee Raan Corsen, who was reported missing a couple of weeks ago.  
  
"The audit has been successfully completed and all assets are in the hands of Sirius Corporation," said Merden. "Raan Corsen's employment was terminated prior to the takeover.  
  
Merden was challenged by a representative of the Earth Defence Fleet, who alleged that Raan Corsen had in fact fled from Sirius security forces and been killed in the Alioth system.  
  
"Mr Corsen's business in the Alioth system was his own," said Merden. "It has nothing to do with the Sirius Corporation.  
  
The press conference closed with outstanding questions, but reporters managed to get a final word from Commander MoonWeb of the Earth Defence Fleet.  
  
"According to our intel, Corsen was pursued before crash-landing on a planet in the Alioth system. This was observed by Commander Ashley Wilkinson, a Canonn representative working with the Earth Defence Fleet.  
  
"The specifics surrounding Corsen's demise are not known, but we have a transcript of his final transmission that points a finger squarely at the Sirius Corporation.  
  
# Fuel Rats Complete 1,000th Rescue  
  
3301-08-26   
  
Fuel Rats Complete 1,000th Rescue  
  
  
  
Heroes: that's what some call the Fuel Rats. Ever since launching their emergency fuel delivery service a little over two months ago, the Fuel Rats have made an impact on the lives of over 1,000 commanders who would otherwise have faced a long spacewalk home.  
  
For one stranded commander, over 31,500 light years from inhabited space with five months’ worth of exploration data on board, the Fuel Rats’ service was greatly appreciated. Commander Paul Kavinsky, in partnership with Commander Rusticolus, made an incredible high-speed transition to the far side of the galaxy to rescue Commander TheHairyMob.  
  
Commanders Anuranium and Domaq also demonstrated the lengths to which the Fuel Rats will go. High above the galactic plane, 2,800 light years north of Sagittarius A*, a commander found himself stranded with no hope of returning home under his own power. The limited number of nearby stars made locating the hapless commander exceptionally difficult, but the rats found their man.  
  
A little closer to home, Commanders Aitken and Dardevel were not to be outdone. Commander Ghetto King was only moments away from drawing his last breath, with only two seconds of emergency air remaining, when the Fuel Rats swooped in to save the day.  
  
This reporter joined the Fuel Rats to witness a rescue mission firsthand. I experienced a mix of adrenaline and warm satisfaction in knowing I had made a positive difference to another pilot’s fate.  
  
Commander Ceska Zbrojovka  
  
Radio Sidewinder News  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-10-26   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-08-27   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,106 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Cocoyet Holdings  
  
HIP 113948 United Industries  
  
HIP 113948 Systems  
  
Alcor Independents  
  
LTT 14019 Democrats  
  
Darkan Vision Interstellar  
  
Darkan Network  
  
Quiate Jet Legal Inc  
  
Tun Netcoms Services  
  
Party of Kremainn  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Palin Announces Development  
  
3302-10-26   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin, founder and former director of the Palin Institute, has released a statement concerning his ongoing research into meta-alloys.  
  
"I have discovered previously unidentified properties that could make the meta-alloys ideally suited to the development of robust new materials – materials that could be used to great effect in combat starships.  
  
"My research is still at an early stage and I am far from developing a working prototype, but the early signs are very encouraging. This discovery could herald a major step forward in the development of defensive technologies.  
  
Professor Palin has been researching meta-alloys from his personal research base on Maia A 3 a since he resigned from the Palin Institute in April. He closed his statement with a promise to share his progress with the galactic community.  
  
# Zemina Torval and Florence Lavigny Join Patreus’ Campaign  
  
3301-08-27   
  
Zemina Torval and Florence Lavigny Join Patreus’ Campaign  
  
  
  
Senator Patreus has seen a resurgence of support since his declaration of war against the group responsible for Emperor Hengist Duval’s murder. Reports from the campaign have indicated that Emperor’s Dawn is now claiming responsibility for the regicide, although this hasn’t been independently confirmed as yet.  
  
In a Senate session, Senator Zemina Torval declared her support for the operation and instructed her loyal followers to join the campaign.  
  
Analysts have been keenly watching the political landscape shift in the weeks since the Emperor’s death. Many had written off Patreus as his influence waned with the dishonour of his association with the Emperor’s assassin, Brendan Paul Darius. However, his decisive action against Emperor’s Dawn has raised his profile. Some believe that it is a cynical ploy by Patreus, but none can argue that he has gained the support of the Senate heavyweights.  
  
Even Florence Lavigny has spoken out for unity and support for Patreus:  
  
“When I was much younger, and my first husband dear Aristide was sadly eaten by a Ling Lang in his own menagerie, there were conspiracy theories, none of which were true. The simple truth was he was foolish to keep so many dangerous animals as pets. I’ve known Denton for years, and I know he wasn’t involved in the Emperor’s murder. Hengist had many enemies, but Denton Patreus was not one of them.”  
  
# Galactic News: Loren Trial Begins  
  
3302-10-26   
  
The trial of Lady Kahina Tijani Loren has begun at the Prism Hall of Justice.  
  
Earlier this week, several flotillas of heavily armed ships arrived in the Prism system. The vessels docked at the Hiram's Anchorage starport amid tight security enforced by Imperial forces and local organisation Loren's Legion, which controls the Prism system.  
  
Much of Hiram's Anchorage has been off limits to civilians during the week because of fears that Loren's presence, and that of Admiral Denton Patreus, would lead to renewed instability. Loren's return to her home system is controversial in itself, as she has not been there since she ceded executive power to Ambassador Cuthrick Delaney.  
  
Loren was briefly seen in conversation with Ambassador Delaney, who embraced Loren before she was moved to a secure holding area. Admiral Patreus arrived a few hours later. Media representatives have not been allowed to speak to either Loren or Patreus, and it is understood that the trial will be conducted behind closed doors.  
  
The mood in Prism is sombre. Support for Loren is muted, with few willing to publically support her ahead of the trial. But it is clear there is little enthusiasm for Admiral Patreus, either.  
  
# Antares Incident Links to VP’s Death?  
  
3301-08-28   
  
Antares Incident Links to VP’s Death?  
  
  
  
The case of reporter Elaine Boyd took an unexpected turn today as several respected newsfeeds, including the Federal Times, received encrypted data packages. It is claimed that these were automatically sent by Elaine Boyd from a public storage server with instructions to be delivered if newsfeeds reported her death.  
  
The data apparently reveals a connection between the death earlier in the year of Vice President Nigel Smeaton and the Antares Incident. His death was officially declared an accident, although many at the time suspected foul play. Those suspicions are likely to rise again with the revelation that he was related to one of the crew aboard the Highliner Antares when it disappeared on its maiden flight 50 years ago.  
  
Elaine Boyd discovered details of a private ‘off the books’ investigation by the Vice President into the incident and that he suspected it was caused by sabotage, rather than drive component failure. He had already spoken to a number of now quite senior officers involved in the original enquiry. Elaine Boyd’s information implied that he may have been killed to stop his investigation.  
  
In a statement, the chief editor of the Federal Times said:  
  
“We hope that amongst the information Elaine has provided there is evidence to prove her innocence in the crimes she was implicated in. We are continuing to examine the data in detail.”  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-10-26   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Rutan Terminal, Minanes  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Medupe City, Cubeo  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
i Sola Prospect, Brestla  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Jacobi Hub, Basuki An  
  
# Imperial Internal Security Service Requests Exploration Data  
  
3301-08-28   
  
Imperial Internal Security Service Requests Exploration Data  
  
  
  
In an unprecedented move, the Imperial Internal Security Service – the organisation responsible for domestic security throughout the Empire – has issued an open contract for exploration data. Agent Cope of the IISS made the following statement:  
  
“The Imperial Internal Security Service is conducting a comprehensive revision of its information networks, and is therefore in need of as much fresh data as possible. The more information we have, the more accurate we can make our database. We thank the community in advance for their cooperation with this effort.”  
  
The request was preceded by rumours that the organisation was actively gathering information about the group known as Emperor’s Dawn. When asked about the rumours, Agent Cope said:  
  
“I can assure you that any allegations concerning interest in specific individuals or groups are entirely groundless. The IISS has a remit to analyse any available data for useful intelligence, and the exploration data we have requested will be subjected to this analysis. That does not mean, however, that this operation has been designed to gather information about Emperor’s Dawn.”  
  
This refutation was somewhat undermined, however, by an article published this morning in the Imperial Citizen. In the article, the Citizen claimed to have intercepted an IISS communiqué in which Emperor’s Dawn was specifically mentioned:  
  
“Our recommendation concerning Emperor’s Dawn is to gather fresh astrological data, and to filter it for information about the group’s movements and bases of operation. Our belief is that the organisation has no more than half a dozen bases within inhabited space, but it would nevertheless be advisable to accumulate accurate data.”  
  
The request is being managed by the Cemiess Empire Party on behalf of the IISS. Independent pilots interested in participating should deliver exploration data to Mackenzie Relay in the Cemiess system.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Yuri Grom Takes the Stage  
  
3302-10-27   
  
The Dangerous Games dominated headlines earlier this year, as some of galaxy's most powerful minor factions took part in a brutal battle for supremacy.  
  
After weeks of fierce competition involving hundreds of independent pilots, it was the EG Pilots who emerged victorious. Having spent the intervening months consolidating their assets, the EG Pilots are now ready to enter the galactic stage. Consequently, the temporary restriction on preparatory activity in systems within 30 light years of the Clayakarma, Nauo, Gyhldekala, Boga and Kpaniya systems – imposed by the United Research Council partly to allow the EG Pilots an opportunity to secure their position – has now been lifted.  
  
Like all powers, the organisation will seek the support of the galaxy's independent pilots, who will play a central role in its fate.  
  
Very little is known about the group's leader, Yuri Grom, although he is understood to have started his career in the Federal Navy, reaching the rank of Admiral before parting with the Federation and entering politics. Following a brief conflict in the Euryale system, in which Grom clashed with his former Federal allies, the ex-admiral emerged as the leader of his own independent power.  
  
Propaganda distributed by the EG Pilots offers a succinct description of Grom:  
  
"Yuri is idolized by his supporters and respected throughout his controlled systems. His support among the populace is absolute, his dominion unshakable.  
  
One thing is for sure – Grom's career, and the future of the EG Pilots, promises to be anything but boring.  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-08-29   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,419 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
Wuruku Prison Colony  
  
Revolutionary Party of Diaguandri  
  
HIP 101846 Empire Group  
  
Wong Guin Imperial Society  
  
Eleumo Empire Group  
  
Guguroro Silver Public Comms  
  
Imantana Values Party  
  
T'a Shakarwa Coalition  
  
Nyalayan Imperial Society  
  
30 Lyncis Interstellar  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Trouble in Maia  
  
3302-10-27   
  
Earlier this month, the Pleiades Resource Enterprise entered Maia and rapidly started cementing its presence in the system. In response, the Ant Hill Mob – Maia's current controlling faction – has launched an offensive against Pleiades Resource Enterprise.  
  
With the Federation having recently stationed a Farragut-class Battlecruiser at Maia A 3 a, there is speculation that the appearance of Pleiades Resource Enterprise represents an effort to bring Maia under Federal control.  
  
A spokesperson for the Ant Hill Mob gave a brief statement:  
  
"The Pleiades Resource Enterprise is clearly trying to pave the way for a full Federal takeover of the system. Well, if they want Maia, they're going to have to fight for it.  
  
The Ant Hill Mob has appealed to the galaxy's Imperial pilots for help, promising to generously reward those who support their operation. The Pleiades Resource Enterprise has issued a similar request to Federal pilots.  
  
Both organisations have set out week-long operations, which are scheduled to run from the 27th of October 3302.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Agent Susan Monroe Part of VP’s Protection Detail  
  
3301-08-29   
  
Agent Susan Monroe Part of VP’s Protection Detail  
  
  
  
The Federal Times today revealed the latest article in their ongoing investigation into the apparent suicide of their reporter Elaine Boyd.  
  
They revealed that Agent Susan Monroe, who Boyd was accused of murdering, was part of Vice President Nigel Smeaton’s protection detail at the time of his death. It already seemed obvious to many that Agent Monroe was the source of the reporter’s information, but now there is greater likelihood that she provided it willingly.  
  
Officials from the Federal Security Service insist that Agent Monroe was an unwilling participant and they had evidence to link the agent’s death to the reporter.  
  
The Chief Editor of the Federal Times responded by claiming this was ‘nonsense’ and that he would not rest until the truth was revealed.  
  
# Galactic News: Walter Waldo Appeal Concludes  
  
3302-10-27   
  
A spokesperson for Gyvatices Crimson Advanced Holdings has announced that its appeal for fish and coffee was enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Walter Dock in the Gyvatices system. The commodities will be used in a special fish and coffee festival to honour the late entrepreneur Walter Waldo.  
  
Gyvatices Crimson Advanced Holdings has extended its gratitude to those who supported the campaign.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Walter Dock in the Gyvatices system.  
  
# Cold Ice, Warm Trail  
  
3301-08-30   
  
Cold Ice, Warm Trail  
  
  
  
Early this morning, an Imperial Navy commando unit uncovered a hidden forward command post for the Kumo Crew invasion force in the Tjakiri system. There was evidence that the site had been occupied as recently as half an hour prior to the raid, as ice was found in a glass in the abandoned command centre. DNA from stray hair follicles was analyzed by a forensics team – the results were a match for Archon Delaine.  
  
"It's frustrating to think that we missed apprehending the most wanted man in the galaxy by mere minutes", commented one of the commandoes, "but every day we come a little closer to getting our man.”  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# Galactic News: Alliance Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-10-27   
  
A spokesperson for the 160 SOAR has announced that the Alliance appeal for construction materials has reached a successful conclusion.  
  
Hundreds of pilots contributed to the campaign, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Tshang City, the organisation's base of operations. The materials will be used to construct an outpost on California Sector BA-A E6 4.  
  
In a statement, the spokesperson said:  
  
"We are immeasurably grateful to the galactic community for its support. The outpost on California Sector BA-A E6 4 will serve as a base for research into the barnacles, allowing us to further our understanding of these fascinating structures. Construction will begin in a matter of weeks.  
  
But the campaign has not been without controversy, with some asserting that the outpost represents an attempt to claim ownership of the organic structures on California Sector BA-A E6 4.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Tshang City in the Furuhjelm III-674 system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-09-01   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 456 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
LP 376-62 Collective  
  
Tjakiri Jet Dynamic Industry  
  
Karakasis Patrons of Law  
  
BD+03 3531a Resistance  
  
Guguroro Silver Public Comms  
  
Paesan Limited  
  
Kwattrages Labour  
  
LHS 2936 Nationalists  
  
LHS 2150 Purple Electronics Serv  
  
Official Haroingori Defence Force  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 693 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Tanmark United Systems  
  
Clan of Dhathaarib  
  
Mehudi Energy Partners  
  
Alpha Fornacis Allied Corporation  
  
Future of LP 621-11  
  
Kitjali Patron's Principles  
  
Parutis Fortune Ltd  
  
Keries Camorra  
  
Gliese 868 Services  
  
Sengen Sama Dominion  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: Federation Blockades Maia A 3 a  
  
3302-10-27   
  
Independent reports from the Maia system indicate that a Farragut-class Battlecruiser has taken up position over Maia A 3 a, not far from the personal research base of Professor Ishmael Palin. The Federal vessel is apparently redirecting pilots who stray too close to the site.  
  
The news comes only a day after Professor Palin announced a breakthrough in his research into meta-alloys.  
  
The purpose of the deployment is not immediately apparent, but rival political powers have been quick to condemn the act. Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon described it as "an egregious act of oppression" while Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval said, "The Federation has an obligation to immediately curtail any restriction of Professor Palin's personal freedoms.  
  
Attempts to contact Professor Palin have been unsuccessful.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Core Dynamics has Links to VP’s Death?  
  
3301-09-01   
  
Core Dynamics has Links to VP’s Death?  
  
  
  
In another shocking revelation the Federal Times today posted a story highlighting possible links between a non-exec member of the board of Core Dynamics and Vice President Nigel Smeaton’s death. They first referenced an interview on January 28th with Congressman George Fallside who appeared to have early knowledge of the Vice President’s death. The Congressman refused to comment on the article, but it is public knowledge of his non-executive directorship of Core Dynamics and several other major arms manufacturers.  
  
More damning was the evidence concerning one of the crew of the Starship One, Flight Engineer Nick Baron, who had previously worked at Core Dynamics before joining the President’s Crew. From the information package sent by Elaine Boyd after her death, the Federal Times published extracts of financial records of the flight engineer.  
  
When tracing these records through a convoluted series of transfers, one of these transfers was through a shell corporation , in which Congressman Fallside was involved. The trail of the payments revealed that Boyd must have obtained a high level clearance access, possibly provided by Agent Monroe.  
  
When asked about today’s story, the Chief Editor for the Federal Times commented:  
  
“There does appear to have been a conspiracy on several levels. We believe that the destruction of the Highliner Antares so many years ago may not have been an accident. When the Vice President was investigating the death of his relative, he must have discovered some of these details, and possible the dark forces killed him, and when our reporter Elaine Boyd did the same, she too was silenced. We are still not clear how it relates to the present day. Our reporters continue to investigate.  
  
“At the Federal Times we always seek the truth and we will discover the truth here.”  
  
# Galactic News: Kahina Loren Found Guilty  
  
3302-10-28   
  
Today, an announcement was made outside the Prism Hall of Justice confirming that Kahina Tijani Loren had been found guilty of the attempted assassination of Admiral Denton Patreus. The announcement was met with cries of dismay from a crowd of Loren's supporters, who had turned out to hear the verdict.  
  
"Ms Loren has been sentenced to life imprisonment at Koontz Asylum in the Daibo system," said a court clerk.  
  
A leaked recording from the press room showed Loren talking with two unidentified men. Their conversation ran as follows:  
  
"And what do you want in return for your...favour?" one man asked.  
  
"Patreus's head on a platter," responded Loren.  
  
Having already been stripped of the title of 'senator', Loren's status as a Lady of the Empire was similarly revoked. She was taken to a secure holding facility after the verdict was announced.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval spoke to The Imperial Citizen about the trial:  
  
"The woman is clearly deranged. She tried to kill Patreus, but justice has been served. The galaxy is now a safer place.  
  
Admiral Denton Patreus, emerging from the courtroom, smiled and said: "They that sow the wind shall reap the whirlwind.  
  
Ambassador Cuthrick Delaney, administrator of the Prism system, spoke briefly to The Imperial Herald.  
  
"We cannot deny the verdict, but we are dismayed by the outcome. We remain convinced that Kahina Loren is innocent. We will leave no stone unturned in our search for the truth.  
  
Meanwhile, an anonymous source affiliated with the Imperial justice system said: "It's a de facto death sentence. No one returns from Koontz Asylum.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Utopia: Commune or Cult?  
  
3301-09-01   
  
Utopia: Commune or Cult?  
  
  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal's vision of Utopia has taken the galaxy by storm, with recent estimates suggesting that 91.8 billion have joined the movement, and shows no signs of slowing down. Many are attracted by the commune's experimental tech and high standards of living, as well as the ideal of a better society.  
  
But is everything as it seems? A few former utopians, who asked to remain anonymous, have come forward with disturbing testimonies. One young man said: "My sister and I lived on a Federation fringe world. Life's hard on the frontier, and we travelled to Utopia to find work. Everything was great at first – we had employment, free accommodation – but then my sister got a position assisting the local overseer. She found out they were kidnapping people and locking them up for questioning or disagreeing with Antal's wisdom. It's run like a cult. I told her not to confront them... Now I don't know where my sister is, or if I'll ever see her again.  
  
When one of Antal's senior aides was confronted with these accusations, they appeared shocked: "Simguru Antal would never condone such practices. These are false accusations, intended to discredit Utopia, from those who have not reached enlightenment. Visitors are welcome to view our sim-archives at any time, and experience what life as a pilgrim is truly like.  
  
Commander Stateira "Starcloak" Eleshenar  
  
Regulus Observer | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: Ancient Ruins Discovered  
  
3302-10-31   
  
Four days ago, the galaxy was stunned by news that mysterious ruins had been discovered in the Synuefe XR-H d11-102 system.  
  
The discovery was made by an independent pilot known by the callsign 'xdeath'. Once the find was made public, pilots from across the galaxy flocked to investigate the site.  
  
Although a formal survey of the ruins has not yet been conducted, speculation is rife that they are of non-human origin. Images of the site, which show mysterious structures and a series of complex earthworks, appear to support this hypothesis.  
  
The discovery of the ruins is only one of a number of remarkable finds made over the past few years. The Unknown Artefacts, Unknown Probes, the so-called organic structures and the crash site in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 system have piqued the curiosity of the entire galactic community. But the relationship between these discoveries – if any – has yet to be determined.  
  
# Core Dynamics Issues Statement Regarding Recent Controversy  
  
3301-09-02   
  
Core Dynamics Issues Statement Regarding Recent Controversy  
  
  
  
Yesterday’s revelations from the Federal Times concerning an alleged connection between a high ranking member of the Core Dynamics board and the Highliner Antares incident have finally prompted an official response from the ship manufacturer.  
  
“Core Dynamics takes the safety of space flight very seriously and would never deliberately act to jeopardise our own or any other corporations’ development. It is hard to accept that anyone from our company would act in such a manner. Given the gravity of the accusations the accused non-executive board member has agreed to step aside while we investigate. We have requested that the Federal Times share their information with us so that a full investigation into the matter can be carried out.”  
  
Congressman George Fallside is the only named person in the article. When asked about the Congressman’s connection with the company and his apparent knowledge of the Vice President’s death before it had been announced the spokesman responded:  
  
“Any impropriety by any member of the board will be fully investigated. I cannot comment on Vice President Nigel Smeaton’s death. My understanding it that has already been investigated by the relevant authorities.”  
  
The Chief Editor for the Federal Times confirmed that they would share the information they had with the Sirius Corporation, Core Dynamics and appropriate law enforcement agencies.  
  
# Galactic News: Pleiades Resource Enterprise Victorious  
  
3302-11-01   
  
Recent reports from Maia indicate that the Pleiades Resource Enterprise has successfully overcome resistance from the Ant Hill Mob to gain a foothold in the system.  
  
A spokesperson for the Pleiades Resource Enterprise released a brief statement:  
  
"The Ant Hill Mob believes our expansion into Maia was orchestrated by Federal officials, but I think they're just looking for a way of explaining their defeat. In war, it's the stronger side that wins. Simple as that. We may be aligned with the Federation, but we were acting on our own behalf.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Maia Point in the Maia system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Public Viewing of Emperor Hengist Duval Ceases  
  
3301-09-02   
  
Public Viewing of Emperor Hengist Duval Ceases  
  
  
  
Today was the last day for the millions of mourners to pay their respects to the Emperor in the Hall of Martyrs. In the past month an estimated seven million mourners arrived on Capitol and have waited in line to enter the vestibule where the Emperor’s body has lain.  
  
Of those millions fewer than half were able to actually see the Emperor despite the dedicated efforts of the Imperial Palace curators. Holographic shrines were placed along the queue of the people waiting, although some of the crowd complained that this broke tradition.  
  
The queue reached such a size that the military had to be called in to maintain order from flashes of violence flaring up. Although apart from a few cases the offences were quite minor as befitting the sombre mood. Food, shelter and medical care also needed to be provided and many of the waiting people praised the efforts of the naval infantry.  
  
For the rest of the day the troops will be busy again, this time clearing the route already filled with the waiting citizens in preparation for tomorrow’s funeral.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-11-01   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
Jacobi Hub, Basuki An  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Rutan Terminal, Minanes  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Medupe City, Cubeo  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
i Sola Prospect, Brestla  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-09-02   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Freelance Report: Irresponsible Independents Ransack Ruins  
  
3302-11-01   
  
Following the discovery of ancient ruins on planet 1 B of Synuefe XR-H d11-102, hundreds of independent pilots have plotted a course to the system. Many scientifically-minded Commanders have begun the painstaking task of deciphering the secrets of the ruins.  
  
Unfortunately, the cataloguing and excavation has been disrupted by piracy, profiteers and general pandemonium.  
  
Jeremy Grant, an archaeologist who has been working at the site for several days, expressed concern at the prevailing conditions:  
  
"It's not safe out here. The ruins have been significantly damaged by SRV racing. Priceless artefacts have been shattered and weapons fire has scarred several obelisks, destroying markings.  
  
"Independent pilots have made a lot of noise about the Empire and Federation cordoning off major research sites, but if this is an indication of how independents treat sites of value, perhaps the superpowers are doing the right thing.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-09-02   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Freelance Report: Fungi Discovered on Airless Worlds  
  
3302-11-01   
  
The Colonia Citizens Network has reported that fungal growths have been discovered on the airless world of Colonia 3 C A.  
  
There appear to be four distinct species, which grow on silicate geysers. Mycologist Dr James Morel had this to say about the discovery:  
  
"Based on the visual telemetry, I can say the shelf and puffball-like specimens fall under the basidiomycota phyla of fungi. The other two cannot be identified without studying physical samples.  
  
"I urge explorers to handle the specimens with care, and to follow basic hazardous-material handing protocol. We don't know how these species might interact with living tissue.  
  
The first data on the fungus was recorded by Commander Alesia of the Pilots Federation.  
  
Julian McCoy of the Colonia Citizens Network Alien Research Division issued the following statement:  
  
"The discovery of life, particularly in a remote region like the Colonia Nebula, is a remarkable achievement. I believe this find places new emphasis on the importance of colonization and expanding human knowledge of the galaxy.  
  
Hunter S Volkov  
  
Freelance Reporter  
  
## Federation  
  
# Utopia: More Than a Cult?  
  
3301-09-03   
  
Utopia: More Than a Cult?  
  
  
  
Spokespeople for Utopia have responded to recent accusations that dissidents in systems under their control are being roughly treated.  
  
"I've been saddened by recent publications that describe the Utopia movement as a cult or oppressive theocracy," Utopia futurologist Dr Saeed McNamara said. "All societies have disruptive elements who threaten the stability of the whole, but I like to think we take a more humane approach to dealing with them than others.  
  
“Rather than enslaving or oppressing disruptive elements, or shipping them off to penal colonies to break rocks for the rest of their lives, we introduce our problem citizens to revolutionary simulation technology designed to increase their empathy for their fellow men and women. Criminals and dissidents aren't evil – they've just become disconnected from society. We've proved time and again that seeing the world through the eyes of others, through technology, can be a healing experience.  
  
Dr McNamara declined to elaborate further on the nature of Utopia's corrective sims, or to address rumours that those subjected to these treatments manifest radically altered personalities.  
  
Commander Jendrassik  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-11-02   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-09-03   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,088 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Baal Guardians of Tradition  
  
Autrimpe Empire Party  
  
Giabaing Emperor's Grace  
  
Hirpinyi Law Party  
  
Hirpinyi League  
  
Sowathara Citizens' Forum  
  
Inmutintien Advanced and Co  
  
Gelong Jet Dynamic Holdings  
  
Gelong Corp.  
  
LHS 246 League  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Appeal for Ancient Data  
  
3302-11-03   
  
Since the mysterious ruins in the Synuefe XR-H d11-102 system were discovered last week, the site has become a hotbed of activity, with hundreds of explorers attempting to uncover the ruins' secrets.  
  
Now the engineer Ram Tah has announced plans to conduct a comprehensive research programme with the aim of learning more about the site.  
  
At a press event, Ram Tah made the following statement:  
  
"The discovery of the Synuefe ruins is hugely significant, and the site is unquestionably worthy of further study. Fortunately, United Meene Labour has graciously agreed to fund a comprehensive research project.  
  
"I am therefore in the privileged position of being able to devote myself to studying data from the site. It is my hope that by decoding this data, we can learn more about the civilisation responsible for the ruins.  
  
"Having conducted a preliminary survey of the site, I have determined that Pattern Delta Obelisk Data would of great value at this stage.  
  
United Meene Labour has promised to reward pilots who bring Pattern Delta Obelisk Data from the Synuefe ruins to Felice Dock in the Meene system. The campaign begins on the 3rd of November 3302 and will run for two weeks.  
  
# The Hutton Mug  
  
3301-09-03   
  
The Hutton Mug  
  
  
  
The words “I made it to Hutton Orbital” carry a certain amount of weight among pilots. As seasoned navigators know, the starport lies approximately 0.22 light years from the nearest star – a significant stretch by anyone’s standards – and it is not unusual for novice pilots, having failed to check the distance from Alpha Centauri to Hutton Orbital, to run out of fuel long before they reach the station.  
  
Completing ‘The Hutton Run’, as the journey is sometimes called, is therefore a badge of honour among pilots, an achievement that distinguishes the amateur from the professional.  
  
Now, a company called BlipMagnet has decided to capitalise on this phenomenon with the Hutton mug, a commemorative beaker bearing the legend (you guessed it) ‘I made it to Hutton Orbital'. The novelty item is available only at the starport, and the company no doubt hopes it will appeal to those who want to commemorate their epic journey.  
  
BlipMagnet claims (presumably only half seriously) that the mug is made from “the salvaged frame shift drive plates of ships that ran out of fuel before reaching the station”. In fact, the company has issued an appeal for scrap materials with which to produce their next batch, and is offering anyone who delivers such materials their very own Hutton mug. Whether this will motivate those not normally inclined to undertake such punishing expeditions, or result in an epidemic of stranded pilots throughout the Alpha Centauri system, remains to be seen.  
  
# Community Goal: Mysterious Organisation Releases Message  
  
3302-11-03   
  
In November last year, a mysterious organisation known as Revolution Incorporated placed an open order for explosives in commemoration of the Gunpowder Plot – a historic incident dating from Earth's distant past.  
  
The request attracted the attention of security officials who feared it might presage a terrorist attack, but ultimately no such attack took place. It is now believed that if the group did have nefarious intent, its plans were foiled.  
  
But despite this apparent setback, the organisation itself has endured, having issued the following message to media outlets and social networks throughout the galaxy:  
  
"Last time, they stopped us. This time, they will not. The powers-that-be must accept their fate, and pay the price for their misdeeds.  
  
"They will be taught a lesson in power – the power of the people.  
  
"If you are a true believer, be at the following location at 16.05 UTC on the 5th of November 3302.  
  
"Novas A 6, Novas system.  
  
Security forces in the Novas system have urged the public to ignore the message.  
  
# Emperor Hengist Duval’s Funeral  
  
3301-09-03   
  
Emperor Hengist Duval’s Funeral  
  
  
  
The funeral of Emperor Hengist Duval, the 15th Emperor in the Duval line, took place today amidst a crowd of millions on Capitol in the Achenar system.  
  
Mourners from all over the Empire lined the streets of Capitol. All over the city, the streets were filled to bursting and in a sombre reflection of the wedding a month ago, the white dress uniforms of the Imperial Naval Infantry lined the streets.  
  
In a last minute change to tradition, the funeral procession followed a longer route through the city so that as many of the assembled mourners as possible could witness the passing of their Emperor. The procession marched at a sedate pace and was led by selected members of the Imperial Guard carrying the Emperor.  
  
In another break from tradition and despite her age, Florence Lavigny walked directly behind the coffin even though the marriage ceremony hadn’t been completed. This has raised eyebrows among some of the more conservative members of Imperial society.  
  
Behind the lonely widow marched the immediate family and then the members of the Senate. Behind the most powerful senators came certain patrons, the most well-considered of their station with a direct connection to the Emperor. Next were the clients and citizens and, representing the full range of the Imperial population, these were followed by some of the Emperor’s favourite slaves – which by tradition were set free after the ceremony.  
  
The procession stretched for almost 18 kilometres and took seven hours to complete its tour of the city. Soldiers along the route provided welcome refreshment for both the procession and the crowd. When the procession returned to the Hall of Martyrs, the senators followed inside for the private internment ceremony. Across the Empire, in households and public places, the Feast of Remembering began.  
  
A sombre hush settled across the city for most of the day, but now that the Emperor has been laid to rest, the question everyone wants to know the answer to is – who will be the next Emperor?  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Colonia Council Initiative Concludes  
  
3302-11-03   
  
The Colonia Council has announced that its appeal for palladium was a resounding success, with hundreds of pilots delivering materials to Jaques Station in response to the request. The materials will be used to support further colonisation of the Colonia Nebula, and address the needs of the growing Colonia community.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released a brief statement:  
  
"This material will help us bolster infrastructure in the system, and support the forthcoming colonisation programme. But more than that, it will help us lay the foundations of a better, brighter future.  
  
"The future is here, and its name is Colonia.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Jaques Station in the Colonia system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-09-05   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,371 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
Solati Galactic Services  
  
Beargk Future  
  
Kaiakul Empire Party  
  
Gliese 3251 Alliance  
  
Ndabien Blue Energy Holdings  
  
Wonga Citizens' Forum  
  
HIP 26990 Crimson Dynamic Corp  
  
Nangandh Limited  
  
Order of Raijin  
  
HIP 55118 General Corporation  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Patreus's Flagship Attacked  
  
3302-11-04   
  
Eyewitness reports from the Eotienses system indicate that an attack has taken place on Admiral Denton Patreus' flagship, the INV Imperial Freedom. The Majestic-class Interdictor was heavily damaged in the altercation and was ignominiously forced to withdraw from the field of combat.  
  
An organisation known as the Children of Raxxla has claimed responsibility for the attack. In a statement, the organisation said it had been '"backed into a corner" after diplomatic entreaties regarding Kahina Loren – whom it referred to as Salomé – had gone unanswered.   
  
The attack appears to have been a response to the 'guilty' verdict passed on Loren last week, and based on the assumption that she was aboard the INV Imperial Freedom. Vessels bearing Children of Raxxla markings were witnessed intercepting escape pods ejected from the beleaguered Interdictor.  
  
The Children of Raxxla spokesperson said the group "harboured no ill will towards Patreus", and that "the guilty parties continue to lurk in the shadows".  
  
Imperial security forces have condemned the attack, saying:  
  
"This group has shown its true colours. Kahina Loren was known for inciting violence, and these terrorists are clearly intent on continuing her legacy.  
  
The damage to the INV Imperial Freedom represents a blow to Admiral Patreus' ambitions to strengthen the Imperial fleet, exposing these battleships' vulnerability to attacks from well-organised independent forces.  
  
# Memorial in the Heavens  
  
3301-09-06   
  
Memorial in the Heavens  
  
  
  
Commander Sataris, a member of the East India Company, was recently honoured by an anonymous benefactor. To commemorate his mother’s recent passing, the rights to register a planet in her name were purchased from Universal Cartography.  
  
Cynthia Sideris, chairwoman of Universal Cartography, read a statement from the anonymous benefactor:  
  
“Commander Sataris has served with distinction, valour and honour in all his duties, regardless of the circumstances. In honour of his late mother, rights have been purchased to rechristen a world in the BD+26 2184 system as ‘Kathy McBrayer’. Any mother capable of rearing a son like Sataris is well deserving of such a memorial. Kathy is an example to us all.”  
  
Commander Sataris responded by saying: "I invite all members of the Pilots Federation to visit the memorial planet Kathy McBrayer in BD+26 2184.”  
  
Chairwoman Sideris said that Universal Cartography will finalize the change to the planet’s name in the coming weeks.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
Jameson Memorial Review | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Canonn Holds Press Conference  
  
3302-11-04   
  
The Canonn Interstellar Research Group held a press conference today to reassure the public that the ruins in the Synuefe XR-H d11-102 system were not being mishandled.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation claimed that reports of damage at the site had been hugely exaggerated.  
  
"It's true that several scientific vessels were destroyed by rogue pilots, but we haven't observed any damage or contamination at the site.  
  
"As first on the scene, Canonn scientists and affiliates quickly got to work recording the artefacts at the site. Several hundred have already been disseminated to research institutes for analysis.  
  
V Patau  
  
# Chancellor Blaine Opens Senate Debate  
  
3301-09-07   
  
Chancellor Blaine Opens Senate Debate  
  
  
  
With the sombre echo of Emperor Hengist Duval still resonating throughout Capitol, the Senate reopened today to deliberate how the question of succession will be resolved. Chancellor Anders Blaine opened the discussion:  
  
“Without a clear line of succession, we have a solemn duty to decide who will rule the Empire in these fractious times. It is clear that our beloved Emperor wished for Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval to become heir and so, when the time came, become Emperor. That time has now come, but the law does not allow us to honour his wishes. Instead, we must follow the rules set out for us by centuries of law and tradition.  
  
“The Senate has one month to determine who will be the 16th ruler to sit on the Imperial throne. The candidate must be of royal blood or of royal marriage, and must have a clear majority backing of the Senate in the final count. The final tally will be taken on October the 5th.  
  
“Personally, I would urge the senators present to consider the Emperor’s intentions carefully. I knew him well, and I know that everything he did was for the good of the Empire.”  
  
The city has almost recovered from the massive influx of mourners, and the streets are once again clear of the press of humanity. Now the question on everyone’s lips is: who will be the next to occupy the Great Throne?  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Stanley Steamer's Ransack Rebuttal  
  
3302-11-04   
  
Following accusations of recklessness from archaeologist Jeremy Grant, noted SRV racer Stanley Steamer has released the following statement:   
  
"Has Grant actually seen the site? It's already a pile of rubble! And we believe that rubble is the remains of an ancient racetrack. So by racing around it, we're actually honouring the memory of those who built it.  
  
"If one of those highfalutin science nerds can definitively prove I'm wrong, I'll stop driving. But until then, don't go insulting us with your superpower rhetoric, professor!  
  
Commander Turjan  
  
# Core Dynamics Unveils New Gunship  
  
3301-09-07   
  
Core Dynamics Unveils New Gunship  
  
  
  
Core Dynamics has a long-running association with the Federation, having produced everything from the humble Eagle to the mighty Farragut Battle Cruiser for the Federal Navy. Their latest offering, the Federal Gunship, is a sturdy combat vessel designed to provide the Federation with a superior fighter escort.  
  
The natural comparison point for the new Gunship is the Federal Dropship, which offers a similar balance of features, but with a total of seven external hardpoints – two small, four medium and one large – and advanced armour and shields, the Gunship boasts a stronger combat profile than the Dropship, as well as offering better internal hardpoint quality.  
  
This combat superiority comes at a cost, however, as the ship has an inferior flight model to that of the Federal Dropship, with a top speed of 170 and a boost speed of 280. It is fair to say, however, that speed and manoeuvrability were probably not chief among the Federation’s concerns when the ship was designed. This is a vessel that has been created to dominate other ships, rather than outpace or outmanoeuvre them.  
  
The Federal Gunship is expected to retail at 45,814,000 CR, and will be available to all pilots holding the rank of Ensign or above in the Federal Navy Auxiliary.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Hapless Explorer Returns Home  
  
3302-11-05   
  
A number of newsfeeds have reported that amateur explorer Commander Lewis has finally returned to human-inhabited space. After following the Distant Worlds Expedition into the void, the unfortunate traveller found himself alone in a damaged Asp Scout some 65,000 light years from civilisation.  
  
A freak accident during the return trip resulted in the loss of most of Commander Lewis's food supplies, leaving him with only tea and an assortment of biscuits for the six-month journey home. After being treated for malnutrition and diabetes, Commander Lewis spoke to the media about his ordeal:  
  
"The journey was a nightmare. I kept getting lost, and was haunted by images of long-dead 21st century actors. If it wasn't for my 1,000 friends on social media, I would have gone insane. I don't think I'll ever eat another biscuit.  
  
Shanaeri Rynale  
  
# Chancellor Blaine Opens Senate Debate  
  
3301-09-07   
  
Chancellor Blaine Opens Senate Debate  
  
  
  
With the sombre echo of Emperor Hengist Duval still resonating throughout Capitol, the Senate reopened today to deliberate how the question of succession will be resolved. Chancellor Anders Blaine opened the discussion:  
  
“Without a clear line of succession, we have a solemn duty to decide who will rule the Empire in these fractious times. It is clear that our beloved Emperor wished for Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval to become heir and so, when the time came, become Emperor. That time has now come, but the law does not allow us to honour his wishes. Instead, we must follow the rules set out for us by centuries of law and tradition.  
  
“The Senate has one month to determine who will be the 16th ruler to sit on the Imperial throne. The candidate must be of royal blood or of royal marriage, and must have a clear majority backing of the Senate in the final count. The final tally will be taken on October the 5th.  
  
“Personally, I would urge the senators present to consider the Emperor’s intentions carefully. I knew him well, and I know that everything he did was for the good of the Empire.”  
  
The city has almost recovered from the massive influx of mourners, and the streets are once again clear of the press of humanity. Now the question on everyone’s lips is: who will be the next to occupy the Great Throne?  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Second Mysterious Wreck Discovered  
  
3302-11-05   
  
A shipwreck bearing strong similarities to that recently found in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4 has been discovered in the HIP 17862 system.  
  
The wreck was found by one Commander Denneb on the airless planetoid 6 C A.  
  
Images of the site, shared by the many independent explorers and scientists who flocked to investigate it, show an unconventional-looking vessel with a distinctly organic quality. Like the shipwreck found in the Pleiades Sector AB-W B2-4, the wreckage encompasses a number of vaguely wing-like elements roughly arranged around an octagonal core.  
  
The discovery has stimulated considerable debate among scientists and xenobiologists. So far, as with the previous shipwreck, no concrete information about the vessel's origin has emerged.  
  
Commentators have observed that the ship bears no apparent signs of weapons damage, and that the concentrated debris field suggests the vessel was still intact when it hit the planet's surface.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-09-09   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Freelance Report: The Christmas Carriers Convoy  
  
3302-11-05   
  
The Colonia Citizens Network has invited the galactic community to support Colonia by delivering much-needed food and equipment to the region and by transporting new settlers, as part of what is set to be one of the largest freight convoys in human history.  
  
The Christmas Carriers Convoy will depart on the 2nd of December 3302, stopping at each outpost on the so-called Colonia highway, and arrive in Colonia in the first week of January. So far, nearly 150 pilots have signed up.  
  
The Earth Defense Fleet, the 9th Legion, the Iridium Wing, SEPP and the Prismatic Imperium have all pledged pilots to protect the freighters for the duration of the trip.  
  
Dalilah William, a citizen of Colonia Hub, said:  
  
"We need more of the essentials that those in the core systems take for granted, which is why we're calling on traders and haulers to join the Christmas Carriers Convoy, and appealing to combat pilots to protect them.  
  
Souvarine  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-09-09   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-11-09   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Imperial Veteran Sceptical about Patreus’s Campaign  
  
3301-09-09   
  
Imperial Veteran Sceptical about Patreus’s Campaign  
  
  
  
Imperial senator Denton Patreus has taken a strong stance on Emperor’s Dawn, condemning the organisation and vowing to eradicate it from the galaxy, but responses to his statements have so far been mixed. Some have speculated that he is simply trying to curry public favour, while others have suggested he is attempting to draw attention away from his connection to Brendan Paul Darius, the emperor’s assassin.  
  
Now, the senator’s assertions have been questioned by a source from within the Empire itself - General Anthony Corvus of the Imperial Navy. In a statement given to the Imperial Herald, the general said:  
  
“We are clearly dealing with a well-organised and highly motivated cell organisation, and despite Denton Patreus’s optimism, in my opinion it is too early to make any predictions about its suppression. I have dealt with similar organisations in the past, and they can be surprisingly hard to extinguish. No sooner have you dealt with one cell, another appears somewhere else.”  
  
Senator Patreus was approached for a response to the general’s words, but declined to comment.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-11-09   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Rutan Terminal, Minanes  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Medupe City, Cubeo  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
i Sola Prospect, Brestla  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Hart Station, Bast  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-09-10   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,033 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Cordenet Citizens' Forum  
  
Falendal Imperial Society  
  
Revolutionary Party of Crevit  
  
HIP 118321 Fortune Incorporated  
  
Damona Comms Systems  
  
Heidumani Electronics Organisation  
  
Falendal Patron's Principles  
  
LTT 14174 Limited  
  
LTT 14174 Energy Systems  
  
Workers of Harima Revolutionary Party  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Zosi Major Corporation Issues Request  
  
3302-11-10   
  
The Zosi Major Corporation, an independent organisation based in the Zosi system, has placed an open order for thermic alloys, chemical manipulators and industrial firmware. According to the organisation's spokesperson, the resources will be used in an unspecified research and development project.  
  
Dr Arkady Cole, the organisation's chief research scientist, released the following statement:  
  
"We want the resources, yes? Very useful to us. Process is simple. Deliver the resources and be paid. Yes.  
  
Despite the opaque nature of the request, it is likely the generous reimbursements offered by the Zosi Major Corporation will ensure its orders are met. Participating pilots have been instructed to deliver the requested commodities to Citi Enterprise in the Zosi system.  
  
The campaign begins on the 10th of November and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# New Combat Fighter from Gutamaya Shipyards  
  
3301-09-10   
  
New Combat Fighter from Gutamaya Shipyards   
  
  
  
One of the defining characteristics of the Eagle Mk II is its peerless manoeuvrability, so when it was announced that the successor to the popular fighter would be less manoeuvrable than the ship it was replacing, eyebrows were raised. It seems, however, that there was little cause for concern, as while the new Eagle doesn’t quite rival its predecessor in terms of agility, it outclasses it in virtually all other respects.  
  
Not only is the new Eagle faster than its predecessor, with a top speed of 300 and a boost speed of 400, it is also has a superior combat profile, boasting advanced armour and shields, and with the small hardpoint of the Mk II replaced with a medium hardpoint. These new features are supported by an improved power plant, although these enhancements do of course mean extra weight, resulting in a base jump range of 10 LY.  
  
The other major change introduced with the new Eagle is that it has been manufactured by Gutamaya Shipyards rather than Core Dynamics, who produced the Eagle Mk II. The result, as one might expect, is a sleeker, more elegant vessel, albeit one that has retained the menacing profile of the earlier model. Additionally, the vessel has been produced specifically for the Imperial Navy, meaning that pilots will need to hold a rank of Outsider or above in the Imperial Navy to fly it.  
  
The Imperial Eagle is expected to retail at 110,825 CR.  
  
# Community Goal: The Battle for Maia Continues  
  
3302-11-10   
  
Two weeks ago, conflict erupted between the Ant Hill Mob and the Pleiades Resource Enterprise in the Maia system. But this was no ordinary inter-factional dispute. According to various sources, the Pleiades Resource Enterprise was acting under direct orders from Federation officials eager to bring Maia under Federal control.  
  
With both sides bolstered by Pilots Federation Commanders, the battle was intense and wide ranging. After several days of conflict it was the Pleiades Resource Enterprise that emerged victorious, successfully gaining a foothold in Maia.  
  
But it seems the battle for Maia is far from over. Recent reports indicate that the Ant Hill Mob is about to launch a retaliatory assault with the aim of pushing the Pleiades Resource Enterprise out of Maia.  
  
The organisation has devised a two-pronged strategy to regain control, and has appealed to the galactic community for support. In addition to targeting Pleiades Resource Enterprise fighters, the Ant Hill Mob has asked pilots to deliver battle weapons to system security forces, who will be supporting the Ant Hill Mob during the conflict.  
  
Pilots who participate in the operation will be generously rewarded.  
  
The campaign begins on the 10th of November 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
## Federation  
  
# The Truth about Emperor’s Dawn  
  
3301-09-10   
  
The Truth about Emperor’s Dawn  
  
  
  
As the campaign against Emperor’s Dawn escalates, captured materials have revealed more about the group and its aims to destabilise imperial society.  
  
Reporters from a number of respected imperial newsfeeds, including the Imperial Herald, were invited to inspect some of the seized information. At first the reporters were surprised by how innocuous the material appeared. Taken at face value, it seemed to espouse beliefs and traditions supported by many throughout the Empire, despite the rather extreme tone. The propaganda became more sinister, however, when it elaborated on how these beliefs would ideally be enforced. Some of the items included speeches denouncing the Emperor and his ‘complicity in the erosion of tradition’. Elsewhere, demands were made to remove the Emperor so that someone more fitting could take his place. So far, nothing has been revealed about who the group considers a proper candidate for Emperor.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Anarchist Organisation Closes Starport  
  
3302-11-10   
  
Recent reports indicate that Wright City in the Elli system has fallen prey to a chemical-weapon attack.  
  
The attack is believed to have been executed by the anarchist organisation Revolution Incorporated, which recently placed orders for a quantity of Toxandji Virocide, a rare pesticide. It is understood the group used the pesticide as the basis for a potent chemical weapon.  
  
The impact on the starport has been catastrophic. Over a dozen individuals have lost their lives, and hundreds more are in critical condition. As a result, the starport has been closed until further notice.  
  
System security forces have already started hunting for Revolution Incorporated, but with little physical evidence and few leads, the chances of bringing the culprits to justice are slim.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-09-11   
  
A Week in Powerplay  
  
  
  
Aisling Duval has once again topped the powerplay rankings, as extraordinarily low opposition to the people’s princess, combined with sufficient fortification, has allowed her to excel above all others this week.   
  
Zachary Hudson has demonstrated an ability to stand firm against overwhelming opposition. Undermining in over thirty systems was cancelled and extended the protection of the Federation fleet to several more, and Hudson’s rise to second place is well warranted this week.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval’s rising administrative costs, accompanied by shrewd undermining, has led to turmoil in seven systems this week. An increased emphasis on meaningful fortification is clearly needed to maintain the senator’s sway over her vast territory.  
  
Edmund Mahon has again guided the Alliance into prosperity. Careful fortification has secured Alliance borders, although the Alliance saw more opposition than the Empire. Prime Minister Mahon is now poised to offer citizenship to several key systems in the coming week.  
  
Felicia Winters, much like Hudson, weathered above-average undermining, but in spite of this she proved her resilience by providing humanitarian aid to one star cluster while maintaining a comfortable command capital reserve.  
  
Denton Patreus, ever the smooth operator, balanced his budgets nearly perfectly this week. Evading a deficit, his fleets now occupy control spheres in two additional locations.  
  
Li Yong-Rui has led Sirius Gov back into the black. Shrewd leadership, cutbacks, and the diligent labours of Sirius representatives have yielded a large command capital reserve. With an optimistic outlook, SiriusGov is poised to extend its influence once more in its corner of space.  
  
Zemina Torval has made a recovery from recent weeks of turmoil and the reduction of her portfolio. The senator now looks to end a long period of contraction in her enterprises through the acquisition of key systems.  
  
Archon Delaine’s lean forces have again amassed enough command capital to stir up insurrections in several systems. Although the Kumo Crew was rebuffed in its attempts to overthrow Federation and Imperial systems, a surge in criminal activity was reported in several more systems.   
  
Pranav Antal’s quiet commune succeeded in sharing the vision of Utopia with the inhabitants of Miki and the surrounding systems, and his people now hope to bring these systems into the fold. With no systems undermined this week, Pranav’s people are clearly the embodiment of Utopia.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Appeal for Ancient Data Concludes  
  
3302-11-10   
  
A spokesperson for United Meene Labour has announced that its appeal for data from the Synuefe ruins has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a massive influx of deliveries to Felice Dock, the organisation's base of operations.  
  
Engineer Ram Tah, who is leading research into the ruins, has extended his gratitude to the many independent explorers who responded to the appeal.  
  
In a statement, Ram Tah said:  
  
"I can't wait to start analysing the data. With luck, this will be the first step towards unlocking the ruins' secrets.  
  
Ram Tah went on to say he would do everything in his power to ensure the site was protected from "irresponsible agencies seeking to capitalise on the site for personal, political or military gain.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Felice Dock in the Meene system.  
  
# The People’s Princess Speaks  
  
3301-09-11   
  
The People’s Princess Speaks  
  
  
  
At a public charity event in which several dozen slaves were granted their freedom, Princess Aisling Duval took the opportunity to speak about the succession.  
  
“It seems peculiar that as the closest living relative of our beloved Emperor, I am not involved in the process of selecting his successor. It is even stranger that there is a process at all - after all, I am the natural heir.”  
  
Her attempt to gloss over the legality of her claim has sparked angry rebuttals from legal experts and the camps of the other likely candidates. When we spoke to people on the street, however, we encountered almost universal support for the Princess. One Capitol resident told us:  
  
“I’m all for tradition, but we have to move with the times. Princess Aisling Duval understands what we need to do, and has the youthful vigour to make that happen.”  
  
# Community Goal: Conflict Continues in Maia  
  
3302-11-11   
  
Early reports from the Maia system indicate that the Ant Hill Mob has delivered a significant blow to the Pleiades Resource Enterprise. The news comes less than 24 hours after the criminal organisation launched an operation to push the PRE out of Maia.  
  
It is understood the Ant Hill Mob leveraged its connections in Maia's criminal network to achieve its aims in a remarkably short amount of time.  
  
But the Pleiades Resource Enterprise is not out of the fight yet. The organisation has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in Maia and the surrounding systems, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Obsidian Orbital.  
  
The campaign will run from the 11th to the 17th of November 3302. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Kumo Crew to Target Lavigny-Duval  
  
3301-09-11   
  
Kumo Crew to Target Lavigny-Duval  
  
  
  
Systems under the sway of Arissa Lavigny-Duval have begun expressing discontent at the current political situation in the Empire, and the Kumo Crew is taking the opportunity to cause trouble of their own.  
  
Leaked military intelligence indicates that hundreds of Kumo Crew fleets will soon descend on Imperial territory in an effort to cultivate further civil unrest. The plan is apparently to force Duval into admitting the foolishness of the Pegasi War by bringing it as close to home as possible.  
  
Operation Uranus saw the Kumo Crew pirates target worlds under the influence of Senator Denton Patreus, but this is the first time they have been bold enough to strike farther afield. Only time will tell what impact this will have on the Imperial power players.  
  
Commander Mikalus  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-11-14   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Hart Station, Bast  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Lave Station, Lave  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Rutan Terminal, Minanes  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Medupe City, Cubeo  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Dogmma, Wolfberg  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Maclaurin Vision, Nagii  
  
Maia Point, Maia  
  
# Emperor’s Dawn Bases Discovered  
  
3301-09-11   
  
Emperor’s Dawn Bases Discovered  
  
  
  
According to the office of Senator Denton Patreus, Imperial intelligence has discovered several bases belonging to Emperor’s Dawn. Senator Patreus, who is leading the campaign against Emperor’s Dawn, has issued a statement confirming that he is initiating a combat operation designed to destroy the insurrectionists. The senator made the following announcement to the press:  
  
“We are not dealing merely with treasonous sentiments here – we are dealing with a violent organisation that has shown itself willing and able to commit truly heinous acts. They have already taken the life of our beloved Emperor - where might their misguided rage fall next? We must act swiftly and decisively if we are to eliminate this threat to the Empire.”  
  
Imperial forces have been mobilised for the operation, but independent pilots are also being called on to lend their aid. Senator Patreus is offering generous rewards to those who contribute to the campaign.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-11-16   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Emperor’s Dawn Issues Request for Supplies  
  
3301-09-11   
  
Emperor’s Dawn Issues Request for Supplies  
  
  
  
As news spreads that Senator Denton Patreus has launched a military operation against Emperor’s Dawn, journalists at The Imperial Citizen report that the insurgent group has issued a public appeal for commodities. Significantly, the goods the group has requested – progenitor cells and narcotics – are illegal in many jurisdictions.  
  
Emperor’s Dawn has not explained its need for these commodities, but given its militant stance it can be safely assumed that the goods will used in its ongoing campaign against the Empire. The organisation is understood to have set up delivery points at starports in the Ipilyaqa and Ch’i Lin systems.  
  
The Empire has not issued a response to the appeal, but it is likely that it will implore the public to ignore the request. But with so many independent traders in the galaxy, many of whom have no particular loyalty to the Empire, it seems inevitable that at least some will answer the call of Emperor’s Dawn.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Aid for D'Arrest Station  
  
3302-11-17   
  
In February this year, Princess Aisling Duval established a repatriation centre for former slaves at D'Arrest Station in the Uibuth system. Since then the centre has gone from strength to strength, successfully emancipating thousands of slaves and rescuing hundreds from the horrors of illegal slavery.  
  
When the initiative launched, many of Princess Aisling's detractors dismissed it as a publicity stunt, but her ongoing commitment to the centre has silenced even her most ardent critics. It is understood that she receives daily updates from D'Arrest Station, and makes personal visits once a month.  
  
It therefore comes as little surprise that, following news of an outbreak at the starport, Princess Aisling has secured funding for a relief effort. In a statement, the princess expressed concern for those affected:  
  
"It is extremely important that the unfortunate people at D'Arrest Station receive help as soon as possible, and I implore the galactic community to come to their aid. The Uibuth Empire Party has graciously offered to coordinate the relief effort.  
  
The Uibuth Empire Party has promised to reward pilots who deliver basic medicines to D'Arrest Station in the Uibuth system. The campaign begins on the 17th of November and will run for one week. If targets are met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Research into Strange Objects Begins  
  
3301-09-13   
  
Research into Strange Objects Begins  
  
  
  
A Federal research programme has been established to study the strange objects discovered in a number of systems, including Tanmark and HIP 102128, it was announced today. The project is being led by Professor Ishmael Palin, formerly of the Homeland Scientific Council.  
  
The first of the objects was discovered some months ago, with further objects being found in the weeks that followed. Those who have seen the artefacts first-hand report that they are reminiscent of biological forms, consisting of a spherical bulb-like element connected to a number of cylindrical capsules. Some have even suggested they might be life forms in their own right.  
  
Aside from their unusual structure, the objects – referred to by some as 'unknown artefacts' and dubbed 'anomalous extraterrestrial objects' (or 'AEOs') by Professor Palin and his team – are believed to have the capacity to damage nearby machinery, although exactly how this occurs is not fully understood. This has made transport of the objects problematic, as they can inflict significant damage on a ship’s cargo hold, and on adjacent ship’s systems.  
  
Naturally, speculation concerning the objects has been rife, and there appears to be significant evidence that they are of non-human origin. Professor Palin refused to be drawn on the subject, however, saying:  
  
“A discovery of this kind represents an event of major scientific interest, and I am delighted to have been asked to lead this research project. It would be imprudent of me to speculate on the objects’ origin or purpose. Suffice it to say that my team and I will be subjecting the artefacts to rigorous examination over the coming weeks, and I very much look forward to sharing our discoveries with the scientific community.”  
  
# Community Goal: Competing Appeals for Exploration Data  
  
3302-11-17   
  
The Federal astrocartography department has issued a public request for exploration data. Mark Devene, head of the department, elaborated on the nature of the appeal:  
  
"We are looking for data from three specific zones in order to verify certain hypotheses. We want high-quality information on system configurations, planet types, spectral classes and compositions.  
  
"We are looking at the following coordinates: PLAA AEC IZ-N C20-1, PRU AESCS DL-W C15-37 and EAFOTS EU-R C4-1. Explorers might be more familiar with the colloquial names for these areas – Hawkin's Gap, the Conflux and the Formidine Rift. Pilots should travel to one of these locations and investigate out to a radius of 200 light years.  
  
The Tau Ceti Crimson Legal Solutions has volunteered to coordinate the Federal operation. Meanwhile, mysterious organisation The Children of Raxxla has issued an identical request, claiming the data will be used to prove the innocence of the group's leader, Kahina Loren.  
  
Both campaigns begin on the 17th of November 3302 and will run for two weeks.  
  
# Imperial Slave Regulations Proposed  
  
3301-09-14   
  
Imperial Slave Regulations Proposed  
  
  
  
Following the recent audit of the Imperial Slave Association, the Imperial Senate Audit Committee has recommended the introduction of further regulations governing the treatment and transportation of Imperial slaves.  
  
The proposed regulations centre on improved vetting of commanders permitted to transport Imperial slaves, and include the suggestion that pilots must hold the rank of ‘Master’ in the Imperial Navy as a minimum requirement. It is also suggested that resources be set aside for the recovery of Imperial slaves transported and sold outside the Imperium.  
  
Svetlana Zhukov, chairwoman of the ISA, voiced her support for the regulations:  
  
“It is our duty to ensure that Imperial citizens serving terms as slaves remain within the borders of the Empire until they are returned to full citizenship. Our hope is that these new regulations will ensure the rights of Imperial Slaves are not trampled on by those unscrupulous enough to sell people for quick credits.  
  
Political commentators have expressed doubt that the proposed regulations will be approved, but many remain hopeful.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
Capitol Herald | Interstellar Press  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Ant Hill Mob Wins  
  
3302-11-17   
  
Media outlets in Maia have reported that the Pleiades Resource Enterprise has once again emerged victorious from a conflict with the Ant Hill Mob. The battle, instigated by the Ant Hill Mob, was designed to weaken the Enterprise's position in Maia.  
  
Hundreds of independent pilots supported the campaign by targeting Pleiades Resource Enterprise fighters and delivering battle weapons to system security forces. But ultimately it was not enough to defeat the PRE.  
  
A spokesperson for the Pleiades Resource Enterprise released a brief statement:  
  
"Clearly, the galactic community supports our position in Maia. The Ant Hill Mob needs to accept that the Pleiades Resource Enterprise is here to stay. We're not going anywhere.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Obsidian Orbital in the Maia system.  
  
# Vice President’s Investigation Data Found  
  
3301-09-15   
  
Vice President’s Investigation Data Found  
  
  
  
A spokesman for Vice President Nigel Smeaton’s family revealed today that a concealed data chit had been recently discovered among his personal belongings. The information stored on the device was encrypted but with the assistance of technicians at the Federal Times they were able to extract some of the information.  
  
The spokesman stated that the data would not be made public at this time, but some of the information might enable the authorities to locate the wreckage of the Highliner Antares. The data has been handed over to the Sirius Corporation as well as investigating officers.  
  
The family’s spokesman declined to answer any questions.  
  
# Galactic News: Order Temporarily Restored in Maia  
  
3302-11-17   
  
The Pleiades Resource Enterprise has announced that its operation to weaken Maia's criminal network has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the organisation's appeal for support, taking to their ships to eliminate the agitators operating in the system.  
  
The victory may give the Pleiades Resource Enterprise the time it needs to recover its strength, and prepare for the next phase in its fight against the Ant Hill Mob.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the operation can collect their rewards from Obsidian Orbital.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-09-15   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 488 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
BD+42 3917 Free  
  
Movement for Shoujeman Free  
  
Orang Universal Organisation  
  
Gui Xian Patron's Principles  
  
LFT 78 Patron's Principles  
  
Vish Patron's Principles  
  
LHS 3749 Group  
  
Nagi Empire Pact  
  
Armodiang Patrons of Law  
  
People's Epsilon Scorpii Resistance  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 715 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
BD-00 4461 Jet Transport Systems  
  
Katurru Independents  
  
Values Party of Orishpucho  
  
Brothers of Caihe  
  
Gilgamesh Ltd  
  
Hollos Empire Party  
  
HIP 112829 Co-op  
  
Brothers of Teshub  
  
LTT 14478 Energy Ltd  
  
Charunder State Limited  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Appeal for Resources Ends  
  
3302-11-17   
  
Dr Arkady Cole, chief research scientist for the Zosi Major Corporation, has announced that the organisation's request for resources has been warmly received by the galactic community.  
  
The organisation has confirmed that it has received sufficient quantities of thermic alloys, chemical manipulators and industrial firmware to proceed with its proposed research project, the exact nature of which has not been publicly disclosed.  
  
In a characteristically succinct statement, Dr Cole thanked those who had responded to the request:  
  
"Many resources received. Everyone get their money. Now go away and leave me alone! Very busy. Much work to do.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the campaign can now collect their rewards from Citi Enterprise in the Zosi system.  
  
# Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval Calls Impromptu Press Conference  
  
3301-09-15   
  
Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval Calls Impromptu Press Conference  
  
  
  
After the day’s Senate deliberations finished, Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval stopped to answer questions from the assembled reporters. When asked what she considered the most important issue facing the Empire, she replied:  
  
“Most of all the Empire needs stability and continuity. I was privileged to spend some time with Emperor Hengist Duval after he recovered from his coma. He shared with me a vision in which the Empire continues to build on its strengths of justice and tradition.  
  
“It saddens me greatly that anyone, especially someone considering themselves an imperial citizen, could bring an end to such a great man. I consider it my duty to make sure that his vision becomes a reality.”  
  
When asked if that meant she considered herself the heir to the Emperor’s throne, she stated:  
  
“The decision of who will become Emperor is in the hands of the Senate. There are many suitable candidates, and I am honoured to be among them. Whether or not I am crowned, I will continue to work toward the future that Hengist Duval shared with me.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Construction Convoy Assembled  
  
3302-11-18   
  
A large convoy of heavy construction ships and associated support vessels has been assembled by Wreaken Construction in the Zearla system.   
  
Wreaken does not have an exclusive contract with any of the galaxy's superpowers, and there has therefore been significant speculation over the purpose of the convoy.  
  
Requests for information have been met with blank rebuttals, and recent press statements from Wreaken make no mention of the convoy. Long-range reconnaissance has revealed a well-defended operation, and approaches are greeted with patrol ships and warning shots.  
  
Meanwhile, shares in Wreaken have gone up by five per cent as speculation grips the financial markets. Some commentators believe this is directly linked to Admiral Denton Patreus's recent comments concerning the London Treaty.  
  
# Munshin Announces Plan to Aid Refugees  
  
3301-09-16   
  
Munshin Announces Plan to Aid Refugees  
  
  
  
Officials at Ocrinox's Orbiter held a press conference earlier today to announce their intention to build a state-of-the-art resettlement facility for refugees of the Pegasi Pirate War.  
  
"We recognize the plight of their friends in the Pegasi Sector, and extend our welcome to all those who wish to settle here. We encourage all those who have access to transport to come to Ocrinox's Orbiter. You were promised citizenship – citizenship you shall have. You were promised protection – protection you shall have. You left home to seek a new life – a new life you shall have.  
  
The plan leans heavily on three aspects of the Munshin system: distance from the war, readily available food and jobs, and the necessary infrastructure to support a large population surge.  
  
Reports also indicate that officials at Ocrinox's Orbiter have sent messages to the Pilots Federation and Princess Aisling Duval asking for urgent delivery of medical supplies.  
  
Commander Quade  
  
## Federation  
  
# Galactic News: MetaDrive Audit Complete  
  
3302-11-19   
  
The independent audit of defunct technology company MetaDrive Inc. has now reached an end, and other than a few minor items the acquisition of all remaining assets has been completed.  
  
One such item is the Imperial Eagle of the company's late chairman Femi Dakarai, which was owned by MetaDrive. In a strange turn of events, the ship was stolen by former MetaDrive employee Raan Corsen, who disappeared shortly after the audit began.  
  
A number of files relating to Dakarai's affairs are also believed to be missing. A junior member of the audit team reported that a series of so-called 'exodus documents' could not be located. The employee was unceremoniously removed from the audit team shortly afterwards.  
  
A spokesperson for BigSix, the auditor, provided a statement:  
  
"The audit of MetaDrive is now complete, and contrary to previous misleading reports, we have all the documentation we need. It transpires the Eagle spacecraft stolen by Raan Corsen crashed somewhere in the Alioth system while fleeing security forces. The vessel was fully insured, so BigSix is not unduly concerned by its loss.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-09-16   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-11-22   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Maia Point, Maia  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Maclaurin Vision, Nagii  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Rutan Terminal, Minanes  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Medupe City, Cubeo  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Frobac's Hope, Difu  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-09-16   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Freelance Report: Taking on the Aliens  
  
3302-11-22   
  
The Buckyball Racing Club is back with a new race, and this time it's taking on the aliens.  
  
Kick the Alien (and Run like Hell) is a 26-kilometre roundtrip SRV race. The event starts at the Noctrach-Ihazevich Research facility and involves driving to the nearby crash site, 'kicking the alien', and then driving back to the research facility as fast as possible.  
  
A representative for the Buckyball Racing Club said: "All other methods of interaction with the crash sites have failed to get a response – perhaps this will wake them up".  
  
The race starts on Saturday the 26th of November and is expected to last for two weeks. Competitors can make their run at any time during this period, and can run as many times as they like.  
  
Commander Alec Turner  
  
# Frontline Report: The War against Emperor’s Dawn  
  
3301-09-17   
  
Frontline Report: The War against Emperor’s Dawn  
  
  
  
Four days ago, Imperial senator Denton Patreus launched a military campaign against Emperor’s Dawn, the organisation responsible for the murder of Emperor Hengist Duval. Since then, there has been intense conflict in the Dakshmandi and Maausk systems, where two Emperor’s Dawn bases are located, with scores of Imperial Navy vessels and Emperor’s Dawn ships exchanging fire.  
  
Journalist Katherine Ryder, who has reported from war zones across the galaxy in a career spanning more than twenty years, recently met with one of the Imperial generals leading the campaign. In a report for the Imperial Herald, she described the unfolding conflict between the Empire and Emperor’s Dawn:  
  
“Against the crisp darkness of space drifts a Majestic-Class Interdictor, its elegant lines belying the deadly power of its artillery. A few hours ago, the ship was deep within the Dakshmandi system, overseeing the deployment of Imperial squadrons tasked with rooting out and destroying Emperor’s Dawn vessels. For the people of the Dakshmandi and Maausk systems, the arrival of the Imperial fleets has proved divisive: some see the Empire as a saviour, while others fear that the conflict it has incited will do only harm.”  
  
“On the bridge of this stately vessel I meet General Anthony Corvus, the military veteran who recently voiced scepticism about Denton Patreus’s campaign. He describes the insurgents as disciplined and methodical, capable of delivering systematic, targeted strikes. With what sounds almost like admiration, he refers to their steely resolve, telling me that no matter how many Emperor’s Dawn ships his pilots destroy, the rebels’ morale never appears to waver. He also mentions the many hundreds of independent pilots who have boosted the insurrectionists’ numbers. Evidently, he says, the Empire’s enemies see this conflict as an opportunity to deal a blow to the superpower.”  
  
“The general’s remarks highlight a facet of the campaign underscored by Denton Patreus’s critics – namely that the senator has underestimated Emperor’s Dawn, assuming that the mere sight of an Imperial battle fleet would demoralise the insurgents. In reality, Patreus has found himself drawn into a protracted battle against a disciplined and apparently imperturbable enemy. No one questions the Empire’s ability to bring significant firepower to the conflict, but even the Empire’s resources are not inexhaustible. If it does not gain an advantage soon, it may have to consider temporarily withdrawing from the conflict, and devising a different strategy.”  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-11-23   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-09-17   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,067 minor factions holding elections:  
  
HR 2848 Crimson Life Industry  
  
HR 2848 and Co  
  
Baal Guardians of Tradition  
  
Wiljanherbi Order  
  
Traditional Wiljanherbi League  
  
Freedom Party of Calugen  
  
Justice Party of Calugen  
  
Law Party of Tachmetae  
  
Tachmetae Order  
  
Turdetani Gold Public Inc  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Galactic News: A Bright Future for D'Arrest Station  
  
3302-11-24   
  
The Uibuth Empire Party has announced that its appeal for basic medicines has received the unconditional support of the galactic community. Over the past week, huge quantities of medication have been delivered to D'Arrest Station in the Uibuth system, which will be used to control the outbreak currently plaguing the starport.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval, who funded the relief effort and whose repatriation centre is based at the starport, released a brief statement:  
  
"I would like to extend my most sincere gratitude to those who supported this campaign. Medical personnel at D'Arrest Station have assured me that the situation will soon be in hand.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from D'Arrest Station in the Uibuth system.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Kumo Operation to Hit Aisling Duval  
  
3301-09-17   
  
Kumo Operation to Hit Aisling Duval  
  
  
  
Ever the opportunists, Kumo Crew commanders have swept across a number of systems controlled by Arissa Lavigny-Duval in the last seven days. They penetrated deeper than in any previous skirmish, and elevated the level of danger faced by Imperial citizens as a result of the Pegasi Pirate War.  
  
With turmoil affecting billions of Imperial citizens and sweeping them into the ongoing saga, Commanders and tacticians have begun to realise that the conflict has taken on a new dimension. Leaked intelligence indicates that as the week draws to a close, Archon will focus his attention on planets and stations pledged to Aisling Duval.  
  
With Kumo Crew attacks imminent, the Empire must decide how to best fortify its strongholds against further incursion while trying to stem their enemy’s momentum. What was once thought of as a simple operation now draws on the strength and resources of a thousand worlds.  
  
Commander Mikalus  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Sale of the Century  
  
3302-11-24   
  
For many retailers, this Friday is one of the busiest days of the year, as prices are slashed and consumers compete to take advantage of a range of one-day offers.  
  
As the fateful day draws near, Tchernobog Free, a retail conglomerate based in the Tchernobog system, has placed an open order for various commodities to help it meet demand. The organisation has promised to reward pilots who deliver domestic appliances, clothing and consumer technology to its base of operations at Vancouver Ring.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation gave a brief statement to the media:  
  
"Half of my suppliers have let me down and I've got investors breathing down my neck. I don't care how you do it – just get me those goods!  
  
The campaign begins on the 24th of November 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Did Aisling Duval Know About Emperor’s Dawn?  
  
3301-09-18   
  
Did Aisling Duval Know About Emperor’s Dawn?  
  
  
  
In a devastating exposé released earlier today, the Imperial Herald has published details of alleged links between the secretive group backing Princess Aisling Duval and some of the funding sources for the Emperor’s Dawn insurgency. While a direct connection between Princess Aisling and the insurgency is not alleged, there does appear to be a connection to senior members of the Princess’s inner council.  
  
Most notable of these is the patron and industrialist Damon Clarke. The Herald has found evidence that D and C Shipping, Inc., one of Clarke’s companies, apparently funded and organised weapon shipments to people now known to be members of Emperor’s Dawn three years ago.  
  
It is not known at this time whether there has been any recent contact between Clarke’s company and these individuals, or how this relates to the assassination of Emperor Hengist Duval. Patron Damon Clarke was unavailable for comment, but a spokesman for the company said:  
  
“We are an interstellar shipping company, making thousands of shipments for clients each day. We are approved to transport weapons where such shipments are legal, and we occasionally do so. We do not comment on individual transactions. If a former client later became a terrorist, that is certainly abhorrent, but it is hardly the fault of D and C Shipping, Inc.”  
  
# Galactic News: Prisoner Convoy Destroyed  
  
3302-11-25   
  
A prisoner convoy has been interdicted and destroyed in the Daibo system while en route to Koontz Asylum. Wreckage found in Daibo has been positively identified as belonging to the Imperial Cutter 'Diadem' and the Imperial Clippers 'Cypripedium', 'Velum', 'Monile' and 'Vestimenta'.  
  
"Completely wiped out," said one pilot, who was one of the first to respond to the distress call. "By the time I arrived there was nothing but floating debris. We even found wreckage from escape pods. Someone wanted to make sure there were absolutely no survivors. Even the black boxes were blasted.  
  
It has been confirmed that the convoy was carrying various political dissidents, convicted murderers and terrorists. Among them was the infamous Kahina Loren, recently found guilty of the attempted assassination of Admiral Denton Patreus.  
  
"Maybe someone wanted to give her a merciful death," said the chief editor of The Imperial Citizen. "Better that than what awaited her at Koontz Asylum, for sure.  
  
Plans to hold a memorial service for Loren in the Prism system have already generated angry responses. Princess Aisling Duval was quoted as saying, "A service for her? She was a murderer and a convicted felon! Her name should be struck from the record and never spoken again.  
  
# Hutton Mug Appeal Successful  
  
3301-09-18   
  
Hutton Mug Appeal Successful  
  
  
  
A few weeks ago, the novelties manufacturer BlipMagnet announced the release of the Hutton Mug – a commemorative beaker sporting the words “I made it to Hutton Orbital”. The item was designed to appeal to those completing the epic journey to Hutton Orbital, which lies approximately 0.22 light years from the nearest star. The concept proved highly appealing, and thousands of independent pilots made the trek to Hutton Orbital to deliver scrap materials for BlipMagnet’s first batch. Following the success of this event, the director of BlipMagnet, Chase Fulbright, released a statement:  
  
“You guys are awesome! I was so psyched by your response to our appeal. The good news is we’ve got more than enough material for our next run – the bad news is there are a few infrastructure issues we need to address before we can start production. So I apologise in advance for the wait, but rest assured that your Hutton mugs are coming, and as soon as they’re ready we’ll let you know. Peace out!”  
  
# Galactic News: Ram Tah Releases Statement  
  
3302-11-25   
  
Earlier this month, engineer Ram Tah announced a research programme designed to uncover the secrets of the Synuefe ruins. The engineer asked pilots to deliver data from the site to his laboratory in the hope that he would be able to decipher it.  
  
But Ran Tah's silence has prompted some to speculate that the engineer might not be up to the task of decoding the data, and that his attempt was nothing more than the naive dream of a backwater mechanic.  
  
When approached with these criticisms, Ram Tah said:  
  
"These things take time. I believe I have made a breakthrough, but I will not be pressured into offering untested claims. As soon as I have results, the galaxy will know.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-09-18   
  
A Week in Powerplay  
  
  
  
Edmund Mahon has led the Alliance to prosperity this week, surpassing all other major powers. New interstellar agreements have extended the Alliance’s areas of governance, while diligent legislative reports allowed the Prime Minister to effectively withstand attempts to undermine his authority. The Alliance now looks forward to a period of unprecedented prosperity.  
  
Zachary Hudson’s fleets weathered a massive storm this week, while successfully beating back the highest levels opposition the Federation’s President has seen. As defensive fleets executed their orders with diligence, offensive task forces pressed on the pain points of the Federation’s rivals. Hudson has made it clear that challenges to his authority will not be tolerated.  
  
Felicia Winters has consistently proven her ability to defy the odds, and this week was no exception. Withstanding the established norm of heavy opposition, the Shadow President’s couriers busied themselves with the distribution of aid packages throughout her sphere of influence. Her people now stand ready to extend Federation aid to additional systems.  
  
Aisling Duval’s publicity machine suffered minor setbacks late this week, resulting in a drop in standing. Sources close to the ‘People’s Princess’ have pledged to organise media blitzes in thousands of systems. It remains to be seen whether the lost standing will be recovered, although her supporters are, as always, optimistic.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval’s hard stance against crime was rejected by seven control systems this week, representing roughly 10% of systems previously governed by the senator. Five additional control systems are petitioning for an end to Senator Lavigny-Duval’s administration. The loss of these systems may prove to be a double-edged sword, however, as their maintenance has historically required a disproportionate amount of administrative effort.  
  
Lee Yong-Rui’s Sirius Corp spent its assets with prudence this week, making deals in several systems. Negotiations are still pending, but the prospect of further acquisitions has noticeably driven up the company’s stocks in financial markets, and shrewd investors would do well to take heed.  
  
Denton Patreus perfectly balanced yet another weekly budget, leaving him with insufficient capital to expand or prepare any systems this week. Having experienced relatively low opposition in his own territory, Patreus focused his efforts on destroying Emperor’s Dawn. With analysts predicting that the conflict will last at least another week, the absence of distractions such as subjugating additional systems may allow the senator to effectively stamp out the traitorous elements within his territory.  
  
Zemina Torval’s enterprises have shown promising signs of economic recovery. The shrewd businesswoman has expanded her control in Imperial space for the first time in weeks. Careful planning has ensured that Senator Torval now rests on a comfortable cushion of command capital, and wise preparation and expansion may allow her to rise further in standing.  
  
Pranav Antal has built up his standing this week through his characteristic peaceful approach, standing in stark contrast to his neighbour in the Pegasi Sector. Utopia and the Simguru rejoiced this week as the Miki system joined the commune. Utopia’s holdings now match those of Senator Torval.  
  
Archon Delaine’s excursions into Imperial territory contributed to the turmoil now faced by Arissa Lavigny-Duval and Aisling Duval. The successes of the expeditionary fleets came at the cost of expanding his dominion. Ever the opportunist, Archon Delaine now stands poised to overthrow neglected Federation systems bordering the Pegasi Sector.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
# Freelance Report: Guardian Archangel  
  
3302-11-26   
  
Last week, the galaxy witnessed a truly audacious rescue.  
  
While returning from Beagle Point, Commander Felix Macedonica found himself without sufficient germanium to synthesise a FSD injection and continue his journey home. Faced with the choice of spending the rest of his life 65,000 light years from home or destroying his beloved Lakon Type-6E and riding the escape capsule back to civilisation, Felix was in dire straits indeed.  
  
At that moment, Commander Chiggy Vonrictofen was exploring the Zunou sector. When Chiggy picked up a weak sub-ether distress signal he quickly established a private link with Felix before appraising the system for asteroid belts and ringed planets that could potentially yield germanium. He then departed for Colonia to fit a mining laser and larger fuel tank.  
  
With his ship appropriately equipped, Chiggy proceeded to cover the first 30,000 light years from Jaques in less than 13 hours, a wraith of speed and purpose. Stopping only to sleep, he finally arrived less than 48 hours after receiving Felix's first transmission.  
  
The pair travelled to the nearest belt and Chiggy spooled up the mining laser as Felix watched the scanner. Nickel, iron, sulphur, manganese, phosphorus – the elements kept coming, but not the one they needed.  
  
Despair started to creep in. Then it appeared, a word that brought with it a cascade of emotions: germanium. Felix swooped in and secured his freedom.  
  
"Chiggy's efforts have left me speechless," said Felix. "His perseverance shows that the indomitable human spirit has no bounds.  
  
Commander Mad Billy  
  
Institute for Galactic Exploration and Research  
  
# Imperial Internal Security Service Issues another Appeal  
  
3301-09-18   
  
Imperial Internal Security Service Issues another Appeal  
  
  
  
In a repeat of the events of last month, the Imperial Internal Security Service – the organisation responsible for domestic security throughout the Empire – has issued a second public appeal for exploration data. This time, however, the IISS is being explicitly clear about the reasons for the request. In a statement to the media, Agent Cope of the IISS said:  
  
“It is clear to us that the insurgent organisation Emperor’s Dawn represents a significant threat to the Empire, and it is therefore essential that its ability to inflict harm on Imperial assets and citizens be neutralised as quickly as possible. To this end, the IISS has authorised the Cemiess Empire Party to reimburse any pilots providing reliable exploration data. This data will be used to locate bases belonging to Emperor’s Dawn.”  
  
Independent pilots interested in participating in this effort should deliver exploration data to Mackenzie Relay in the Cemiess system.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Record-Breaking Tourist Trip  
  
3302-11-26   
  
Since the Pilots Federation endorsed passenger flights and the Beluga luxury liner entered the market, the tourism industry has boomed. Commander Duck of Death, a seasoned explorer, took this reporter on a once-in-a-lifetime trip to the far side of the galaxy.  
  
Our journey took us to the Black in Green Nebula, Sagittarius A* and the Red and Green Glory Nebula, as well as a planetary ring with a staggering 54 million kilometre radius. But that wasn't all.  
  
"I've been planned to go to Beagle Point for a few months," said Duck of Death. "Since I'm on the original roster, I feel I have an obligation to complete the expedition.  
  
Spirits were high as we traversed the abyss and entered the Solitude Void, but as the bright lights of the core dwindled I could sense the primordial fear building. Finally, we reached Beagle Point. Before us was the entire Milky Way, farther away than ever, and behind us...the rest of the universe. We were standing on the edge of infinity.  
  
Morris Cowley  
  
Freelance Reporter, Elite Travel Writers' Cooperative  
  
## Federation  
  
# Aisling Duval Issues Statement  
  
3301-09-19   
  
Aisling Duval Issues Statement  
  
  
  
Following yesterday’s revelation of alleged links between Princess Aisling Duval’s office and the Emperor’s Dawn insurgency, Princess Aisling today issued a statement denying any knowledge of the connection.  
  
“It has come as a bitter surprise to me that any of my trusted advisors could have conducted business with the animals that murdered the Emperor. I will immediately undertake my own investigation into the matter, and root out any staff who are not truly loyal to the Empire.”  
  
Popularity polls have shown a dramatic fall for the so-called ‘People’s Princess’ as the Imperial Herald revealed more details of the alleged interactions with the terrorist group.  
  
Patron Damon Clarke remains unavailable for comment. A security officer based in Clarke’s home system revealed, anonymously, that Clarke’s whereabouts are unknown.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-11-29   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Akiyama Hub, Shorodo  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Maia Point, Maia  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Frobac's Hope, Difu  
  
Gilmour Orbiter, Tau Ceti  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Vela Port, Amarak  
  
# Local Faction Helps Ready Munshin  
  
3301-09-19   
  
Local Faction Helps Ready Munshin  
  
  
  
The task of resettling Pegasi Sector refugees is underway at Ocrinox's Orbiter in the Munshin system. Hundreds of independent pilots have already helped to deliver vital medicines to Ocrinox's Orbiter.  
  
Leading the effort is a previously unheard-of local faction called the Libertas Cooperative. Made up of freed Imperial Slaves and their descendants, the group states that it is dedicated to helping the Empire's least-fortunate. Members of the cooperative are manning docking bays and working overtime to unload cargo ships, and several independent commanders are working in concert with the group to increase the flow of medicines into the system.  
  
The government of Munshin praised the quick action and dedication of the Libertas Cooperative, while a spokesman for the cooperative invited Pegasi Sector refugees to seek employment with the Libertas Cooperative.  
  
Commander Quade  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-11-30   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-09-19   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,338 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
23 Arietis Gold Transport Ind  
  
WW Piscis Austrini Comms Limited  
  
Halbara Purple Public Inc  
  
LTT 16456 Resistance  
  
Official Kosha Dominion  
  
HIP 24986 General and Co  
  
Values Party of Peneng Wa  
  
Natural Wababaye Party  
  
CD-52 187 Empire Consulate  
  
HIP 50352 Legal Inc  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: People's Tutumu Confederacy Appeal  
  
3302-12-01   
  
As the end of the galactic year draws near and people throughout the galaxy start preparing for their end-of-year celebrations, the People's Tutumu Confederacy has announced a special seasonal event.  
  
A spokesperson for the organisation released a brief statement.  
  
"We have placed an open order for gold, pyrophyllite, and mineral oil, and in keeping with the spirit of the season we are offering generous premiums for these items. Additionally, every pilot who brings us these goods will be automatically entered into a prize draw, giving them the opportunity to win a range of fantastic prizes.  
  
"The more you contribute, the better your chance of winning!  
  
The campaign will run from the 1st to the 16th of December 3302. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-09-19   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,338 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
23 Arietis Gold Transport Ind  
  
WW Piscis Austrini Comms Limited  
  
Halbara Purple Public Inc  
  
LTT 16456 Resistance  
  
Official Kosha Dominion  
  
HIP 24986 General and Co  
  
Values Party of Peneng Wa  
  
Natural Wababaye Party  
  
CD-52 187 Empire Consulate  
  
HIP 50352 Legal Inc  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Retail Appeal Ends  
  
3302-12-01   
  
A spokesperson for Tchernobog Free has announced that its appeal for consumer goods has been enthusiastically received by the galactic community, resulting in a huge quantity of deliveries to Vancouver Ring, the organisation's base of operations.  
  
The support of the galactic community allowed Tchernobog Free to keep up with the incredibly high demand ushered in by last Friday's competitive one-day deals.  
  
In a statement, the spokesperson said:  
  
"I'd all but given up. I just couldn't see how we'd get the goods in time. But then a ship docked at Vancouver Ring, groaning under the weight of its cargo. And then another, and another.  
  
"To the pilots who came to our aid, I just want to say – you saved my life!  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Vancouver Ring in the Tchernobog system.  
  
# Federal Research Programme Terminated  
  
3301-09-20   
  
Federal Research Programme Terminated  
  
  
  
Reports have begun circulating that the Federal research programme established last week to study the so-called ‘anomalous extraterrestrial objects’ (or AEOs) has been terminated. This news comes only a week after the inauguration of the project.  
  
According to a source at Fort Harrison, where the programme was based, study of the objects was brought to an abrupt halt by the station governor, Aoishe Quaid. Apparently, Quaid ordered the head of the project, Professor Ishmael Palin, to immediately cease his research. The reason for Quaid’s decision is not known, although it is not believed to have been informed by concerns over public safety.  
  
A second source from Fort Harrison, who asked not to be named, had the following to say:  
  
“Frankly, I don’t think it was Quaid’s decision at all – I think she was pressured into shutting the programme down. She was enthusiastic about the project and had a lot of respect for Professor Palin, so this change of direction just doesn’t make sense. The question is, who forced her to cancel the research, and why?”  
  
The objects under study were described as quasi-organic in nature and capable of broadcasting location data across vast distances. Their discovery was widely considered the scientific find of the decade, and the cancellation of the project will no doubt provoke a strong response from the scientific community.  
  
Professor Palin declined to comment on the Governor Quaid’s decision.  
  
# Galactic News: Exploration Data Appeals Conclude  
  
3302-12-01   
  
A spokesperson for The Children of Raxxla has announced that its appeal for exploration data has received the enthusiastic support of the galactic community, which delivered large quantities of astronomical data to Sereborv Terminal over the past two weeks. A competing initiative from the Federation proved less popular with the galactic community.  
  
In a brief statement, the spokesperson thanked those who had contributed to the initiative, and continued to say:  
  
"We know there are secrets buried in this data. We only hope we can unlock them in time.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from Sereborv Terminal in the HR 6421 system.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Senator Patreus Calls for Senate Investigation  
  
3301-09-20   
  
Senator Patreus Calls for Senate Investigation  
  
  
  
As Senator Denton Patreus prepared to enter the Senate to continue the deliberations over the succession, he issued an angry demand for a full senate investigation into the reported links between Emperor’s Dawn and Princess Aisling Duval’s office.  
  
“While I sympathise with the princesses’ situation, having experienced a similar shock, I cannot allow that sympathy to influence my judgement. When a member of my household committed the most heinous of deeds, I submitted myself to the security services and gave them every access they needed.  
  
“We cannot wait to act, and I call upon the senate to commence an immediate and full investigation into any links between Princess Aisling and Emperor’s Dawn.”  
  
After the initial flurry of information from the Imperial Herald, no new facts were released today. Patron Damon Clarke remains at large, and the considered opinion is that he has fled the Empire.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: The Colonia Expansion  
  
3302-12-01   
  
Ever since Jaques Station arrived in Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 in June, thousands of galactic citizens have migrated to the system in search of a new way of life. The migration movement has resulted in a number of new outposts in the region, as well as a chain of stations connecting the burgeoning community with the core systems.  
  
With the colony now firmly established in Eol Prou RS-T d3-94 – recently renamed Colonia – the system's governing body, the Colonia Council, has announced plans to colonise the surrounding systems.  
  
In keeping with the spirit of egalitarianism that has characterised the colonisation movement, the Council has announced plans to run a series of appeals that will determine which organisations will occupy the systems surrounding Colonia.  
  
In a statement, a spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"With the help of the galactic community, we have been able to establish a secure presence in the Colonia system. Now it's time to open up the rest of the sector for colonisation.  
  
"It is very important that those coming to the Colonia Nebula be committed to the area's ongoing development. That's why we're asking organisations that want to join the Colonia community to demonstrate their dedication by contributing to a resource drive.  
  
"At the start of each month, we will announce which systems have been targeted for colonisation. To earn a migration visa, pilots must deliver a specific commodity to Jaques Station on behalf of their chosen organisation. The nature of the commodity will be specified at the start of the month. Naturally, pilots will be reimbursed for their efforts.  
  
"At the end of the month, the ten factions that have made the largest contribution will earn the right to settle in one of the specified systems. A new planetary outpost will be constructed in the system for the organisation's sole use.  
  
"We should point out that organisations settling in the Colonia Nebula will be considered independent entities, separate from their parent faction.  
  
"Furthermore, the successful organisations will be responsible for working with other like-minded organisations to make the Colonia Nebula a beacon of civilisation.  
  
The first campaign begins on the 1st of December 3302 and will run for four weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Chancellor Blaine Confirms Senate Investigation  
  
3301-09-21   
  
Chancellor Blaine Confirms Senate Investigation  
  
  
  
At the start of the day’s deliberations, Chancellor Anders Blaine declared that a Senate investigation into the claimed connection between Princess Aisling Duval’s office and the insurgent group Emperor’s Dawn was to be undertaken. The investigation will begin immediately, despite the Senate being in closed session until the succession is decided.  
  
In response, Aisling Duval stated that she would comply in any way she could with the investigation. She also said that her own security teams had discovered some alarming information that she would share with the investigation committee.  
  
Meanwhile, the hunt for Patron Damon Clarke continues. Several of his associates were arrested by the Internal Security Service in the early hours of the morning and subjected to questioning.  
  
# Galactic News: Amateurs Partially Decrypt Signal  
  
3302-12-02   
  
A small group of EM-transmission technology enthusiasts in the Tionisla system claims to have partially decoded the encrypted message transmitted from the Tionisla Orbital Graveyard by an antique Cobra Mk III a few months ago.  
  
A spokesperson for the group, which calls itself The Hamsters, said:  
  
"So exciting! It was an EM frequency using phase modulation. Really quite clever. It contains a string of numbers, but we don't know what they mean, so we've decided to share it with the galactic community in the hope that someone might be able to decode it. The sequence is: 01 07 10 * 20 22 25 * 01 05 23 03 23 * 10 27 - 23 * 02 03 01 - 02 * 03 04 * 01 * 43 33 31 23 * 07 21 25 27.  
  
Unfortunately The Hamsters' broadcast abruptly stopped at this point, and only static has been received since. When asked about the sudden silence, authorities in Tionisla made the following statement:  
  
"We had no choice but to take them offline as they hadn't renewed their broadcasting licence. We will restore their broadcasting privileges once the appropriate charges have been paid.  
  
# A Galactic Treasure Hunt  
  
3301-09-22   
  
A Galactic Treasure Hunt  
  
  
  
Alfred Jeffress, the reclusive philanthropist, has released an intriguing statement. In a press release, the eccentric billionaire announced his intention to initiate a galaxy-wide treasure hunt – and to give a share of his vast fortune to the winner. This is the first public statement from Jeffress in several years, as the humanitarian – who made his fortune trading rare and exotic goods – has spent much of the past decade on an extended galactic tour.  
  
According to the press release, Jeffress has “hidden” a mystery object somewhere in space. The first person to find this object and deliver it to a specified location will win the competition. The press release also contains a riddle that Jeffress claims will lead participants to the mystery object:  
  
“A vision of the Devil and Orion’s hounds will start you on your path.”  
  
The announcement has prompted a flurry of speculation and excitement, and hundreds of pilots have already taken to their ships to search for the mystery object.  
  
# Galactic News: Ram Tah Laboratory Attacked  
  
3302-12-02   
  
A few days ago, the research centre at Felice Dock in the Meene system was severely damaged in what has been described as 'an act of vandalism'. Authorities at the starport have confirmed that the attack left many of the facilities irreparably damaged.  
  
Readers will no doubt recall that Ram Tah's research project into the ruins of the Synuefe XR-H d11-102 system is based at Felice Dock.  
  
When asked about the delay in investigating the crime, system security forces said it was considered 'low priority', and that it was "probably the work of opportunists.  
  
Ram Tah released the following statement:  
  
"This is clearly an attempt to undermine my research into the Synuefe ruins. Since my investigations began, a number of agencies have made clear their desire to capitalise on the site for personal, political or military gain. The knowledge contained in the ruins does not belong to one individual or organisation – it belongs to everyone.  
  
"My research programme has relocated to Phoenix Base. Strict security protocols have been instated, and anyone approaching without invitation will be fired upon.  
  
Since this statement was made, the research facility at Phoenix Base has been operating in total radio silence.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-09-22   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 492 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Law Party of Misisture  
  
Worker's Party of C Hydrae  
  
37 Xi Bootis Gold Advanced Ltd  
  
Lung Dynamic Exchange  
  
Movement for Venetic Progressive Party  
  
Cailli Purple Electronics Org  
  
Federal Congress  
  
Smei Tsu Legal Network  
  
Pongo Regulatory State  
  
Workers of Bellaung Free  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system’s wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 744 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Djabushis Systems  
  
La Tenha Travel Systems  
  
Drug Empire of Norweilemil  
  
Lakluita Gold Energy Inc  
  
Yupini Limited  
  
Perktomen Exchange  
  
Kadrusa Gold Life Services  
  
BD+47 2112 Gang  
  
Andine Jet Brotherhood  
  
LP 45-128 Blue Galactic Holdings  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-12-06   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Baudin Landing, Lyncis Sector MC-V b2-1  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Maia Point, Maia  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Vela Port, Amarak  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
Gilmour Orbiter Tau, Ceti  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Spring Gateway, LHS 215  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Roentgen Hub, LFT 37  
  
Meanwhile, the following starports are on the brink of closure:  
  
Frobisher Terminal, Yimakuapa  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
# Aisling Duval Praises the Munshin System  
  
3301-09-22   
  
Aisling Duval Praises the Munshin System  
  
  
  
Princess Aisling Duval has issued a statement praising the efforts of relief workers in the Munshin system.  
  
"War is a plague on our galactic society, and like all disease it most affects the poor, the hungry, and the downtrodden. It is therefore with great pride that I look to the Munshin system. There one sees true examples of Imperial citizenship, and true heroes. Any person can fire a laser, but only a true Imperial can see the humanity in another person. I extend my gratitude to the people of the Munshin system, and to the Libertas Cooperative, who are working so hard for the victims of the Pegasi Pirate War. The tireless commanders ferrying medicines to Ocrinox's Orbiter are likewise to be commended.  
  
The princesses’ critics immediately accused her of overlooking the pilots fighting in the Pegasi Pirate War, saying: "Every day, brave men and women of the Imperial Navy are killed in this war. Where is Princess Aisling's support for their families?  
  
Commander Quade  
  
# Freelance Report: Candy Crew Dominating Buckyball Race  
  
3302-12-06   
  
As the Kick the Alien (and Run like Hell) race reaches its midpoint, the top of the leaderboard is dominated by members of the Candy Crew Guild. Commander Nookie Mr.Smith took the number one spot on Thursday with a truly incredible 6 minute 43 second run, while Commanders Raijiin and Rewision are sitting comfortably in second and third place respectively.  
  
Twenty-three competitors have so far hurled their SRVs to the shipwreck and back, while at least five more are scheduled to take part.  
  
But although hundreds of SRVs have raced over the wreckage, it continues to show no signs of life. A Buckyball spokesman said, "Either it's dead or it's not a racing fan.  
  
The race continues throughout next week.  
  
# Shelter from the Storm  
  
3301-09-22   
  
Shelter from the Storm  
  
  
  
Yesterday, Utopia added its support to the Mushin government’s call for help as the Pegasi Pirate War continues to displace millions of citizens.  
  
The head of the Utopian relief effort, Adjudicator Adric Claavis, released the following statement:  
  
"The people of Utopia cannot stand idle while others suffer such misery. We will do everything in our power to assist in this relief effort, bringing hope to those who have lost so much in this bitter conflict.”  
  
“Utopian ambassadors have asked the Kumo Crew for passage through their space to allow access to Mushin. In addition to delivering humanitarian supplies, Utopia will welcome any refugees who wish to begin new lives, away from the fighting, on our worlds.  
  
Commander Gan  
  
# Freelance Report: Protesters Gather at Buckyball Events  
  
3302-12-07   
  
In response to the Kick the Alien (and Run like Hell) race, which began on the 22nd of November, huge numbers of protesters have started attending Buckyball Racing Club events throughout the galaxy. Identifying themselves as members of a religious order called the Apocolyptican Faith, the protesters claim the crash site is sacred to their faith and should be protected by law. A spokesperson for the organisation said it would continue to protest at Buckyball events until the club issued a formal apology.  
  
Primus Timothy Dalen, a representative of the organisation, said:  
  
"We are very disappointed with Buckyball Racing Club for treating the cultural and religious practices of others so lightly. We are working towards having these sites protected by local and territorial law, and hope to have something in place by the end of the year.  
  
Commander Vandal Stormovik  
  
# Pirates Target Pegasi Refugees  
  
3301-09-23   
  
Pirates Target Pegasi Refugees  
  
  
  
Reports are pouring in from the Amitrite system of pirate attacks on refugees fleeing the Pegasi Pirate War. The transports pouring from the Pegasi sector are often overloaded and poorly equipped, making them easy prey for the pirates. Additionally, many of the families fleeing the region bring only their most prized possessions with them, making them particularly attractive to the miscreants who lurk in Amitrite's many asteroid belts.  
  
Representatives of the Defence Force of Amitrite have warned that their forces are stretched too thin for them to respond to every distress call, and they are urging refugees to avoid the system entirely. Those who feel they have no option but to enter the system have been encouraged to fly in convoys for mutual protection. The DFA added that any efforts to eliminate the pirates in Amitrite would be welcomed.  
  
Commander Quade  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-12-07   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-09-23   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers’ activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Restoring Order in Aeternitas  
  
3302-12-08   
  
Authorities in the Aeternitas system have reported a sharp increase in the number of criminals operating in the area. Reports indicate that the agitators are attacking pilots travelling in the system, disrupting trade and generally causing discord.  
  
To counter this threat, Aeternitas Industries has placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the Aeternitas system, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Houtman City.  
  
The campaign begins on the 8th of December 3302 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-09-23   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Galactic News: Ram Tah Breaks his Silence  
  
3302-12-09   
  
Ram Tah, the reclusive engineer leading research into the Synuefe ruins, has broken his silence. In a statement, he said:  
  
"I have made the first step in unlocking the ruins' secrets! Using data delivered by independent pilots and explorers, my researchers and I have created a decryption algorithm that can decipher the data patterns contained in the mysterious obelisks.  
  
"But although this is extremely exciting, the real work has only just begun. I have taken measures to ensure that our algorithm is automatically uploaded to any ship that docks at a starport in the Meene system. The algorithm will allow independent researchers to decrypt data from the site.  
  
"I sincerely believe that the knowledge in the Synuefe ruins belongs to us all, and I intend to do everything I can to facilitate access to that knowledge.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-09-24   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,954 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Ngalkin Transport Organisation  
  
Robor Crimson Travel Inc  
  
Folna Exchange  
  
BD-22 1050 League  
  
Allied BD-22 1050 Nationalists  
  
Belinara Dynamic Inc  
  
Ogondage Limited  
  
Ogondage Major Incorporated  
  
Union of BD-02 5286 Progressive Party  
  
Social Bagai Alliance  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Freelance Report: Pilot Completes Extensive Survey  
  
3302-12-09   
  
Commander MissingSea of the Deep Recon X exploration team has completed an extensive survey of the Eol Prou GG-X d1 sub sector, located between 260 and 370 light years from Colonia.  
  
The sub-region contains a total of 858 solar systems, only four of which were logged in the Universal Cartographics database prior to Commander MissingSea's expedition.  
  
In total, Commander MissingSea scanned 1,676 stellar bodies, 5,088 planets and most of the sector's 8,705 moons. Of the planets scanned, 332 contained some form of life and a further 333 were found to be candidates for terraforming.  
  
The survey began on the 30th of August and finished on the 3rd of December 3302. The survey overview data is available on request.  
  
Commander Iconoclypse  
  
# Senator Patreus offers Support to Senator Lavigny-Duval  
  
3301-09-25   
  
Senator Patreus offers Support to Senator Lavigny-Duval  
  
  
  
Although the Senate remains in closed session until the succession is determined, Senator Denton Patreus made his support clear in a speech to his command staff:  
  
“Everyone knows that my priority is the security of the Empire. It is my duty as a senator to provide the best possible opportunities for the clients, patrons, citizens and slaves who follow me. I take that duty seriously, as I do my oath as a senator to care for the Empire as a whole.  
  
“Part of that duty is to ensure that whoever sits at the apex of Imperial society is the right person for the task at hand. They must know when change is needed, yet still observe the traditions that make the Empire strong. They must be strong to ensure that we cannot be defeated, but they must also show mercy when the situation requires it.  
  
“Many of my loyal followers have said that I would be a suitable candidate for Emperor, and I am flattered and deeply honoured that they hold me in such high regard. To them I say that I will be happy to work with whoever is declared Emperor. Were it up to me, then the choice would be simple.  
  
“My vote goes to one whom, but for the cruellest of murders, would already occupy the throne. It goes to my esteemed fellow senator, Arissa Lavigny-Duval.”  
  
Some commentators have stated that this public demonstration of support is at odds with the principle of a closed Senate session, but others counter by saying that the current situation is unparalleled in Imperial history.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-12-14   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Pirates Continue to Target Refugees  
  
3301-09-25   
  
Pirates Continue to Target Refugees  
  
  
  
Reports continue to pour in from the Amitrite system of pirates targeting refugees fleeing the war-torn Pegasi sector. The refugee transports have been stopping in Amitrite to refuel while travelling to a resettlement centre in the Munshin system, leaving them open to attack.  
  
In an effort to protect the refugees, the Imperial Navy and the Defence Force of Amitrite have issued bounties on the pirates, hoping this will encourage independent pilots to help to alleviate the problem. For those with combat experience, there is money to be made in Amitrite.  
  
# Galactic News: Starport Status Update  
  
3302-12-14   
  
This report presents the latest data on starports experiencing technical issues as a result of Unknown-Artefact related interference.  
  
The following starports are currently closed:  
  
Beltrami's Claim, Wolf 1509  
  
Bondarek Orbital, Munfayl  
  
Chargaff Port, 20 Ophiuchi  
  
Dogmaa, Wolfberg  
  
Frobisher Terminal, Yimakuapa  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui  
  
Haack Gateway, Halbangaay  
  
Irens Dock, Manite  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere  
  
Liwei Gateway, 63 G. Capricorni  
  
Maia Point, Maia  
  
Obsidian Orbital, Maia  
  
Onnes Gateway, LFT 37  
  
Rutan Terminal, Scirtoq  
  
Solovyev Port, HIP 8865  
  
Tall Enterprise, Ngalia  
  
Tarelkin Dock, LP 462-19  
  
Vela Port, Amarak  
  
von Bellingshausen Port, Almar  
  
Wright City, Elli  
  
The following starports continue to experience technical issues:  
  
Alexander Freeport, HIP 18843  
  
Bloch Vision, Loperada  
  
Carter Port, Rhea  
  
Cayley Landing, Atroan  
  
Donaldson Retreat, Rajuar  
  
Finney Dock, Eleu  
  
Gilmour Orbiter, Tau Ceti  
  
Kooi Gateway, G 190-28  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol  
  
Manakov Survey, Aeduci  
  
Noctrach-Ihazevich Research Facility, Pleiades Sector AB-W b2-4  
  
Panshin Port, Heikegani  
  
Roberts Port, CD-52 9732  
  
Roentgen Hub, LFT 37  
  
Trevithick Dock, LHS 3447  
  
Birkhoff Station, Chnemine  
  
Harris Claim, Tomas  
  
Phillips Terminal, CD-72 190  
  
# Sothis Crystalline Gold  
  
3301-09-25   
  
Sothis Crystalline Gold  
  
  
  
Scientists based at Newholm Station in the Sothis system have made a startling announcement – the discovery of an entirely new metalloid. The material, called Sothis Crystalline Gold, is produced by exposing ordinary gold to the thermal vents that line the seabed of the planets Sothis A5 and Sothis A6 – or, more specifically, to the submarine gas emitted by these vents. Exactly how the gas transforms the gold is not yet fully understood, but the scientists claim that the resultant metal is completely unique.  
  
Given the emergent nature of the discovery, the scientists of Newholm Station have yet to find any applications for Sothis Crystalline Gold, but they are optimistic about finding constructive uses for the material. They are also offering entrepreneurial pilots and explorers an opportunity to earn a quantity of the rare material by delivering gold to Newholm Station in the Sothis System, thereby allowing the scientists to produce more Sothis crystalline gold and conduct further tests.  
  
# Galactic News: Order Restored in Aeternitas  
  
3302-12-15   
  
Aeternitas Industries has announced that its campaign to clear the Aeternitas system of agitators has been a success. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, taking to their ships to eliminate the criminals operating in the system.  
  
Authorities in Aeternitas have extended their gratitude to those who participated in the operation.  
  
Rewards for those who contributed to the initiative are now available for collection at Houtman City.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-09-26   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,343 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
DS Leonis Industries  
  
Naso Kichi Prison Colony  
  
Frenis Imperial Society  
  
Jormungand Empire Group  
  
Bureau of Bandoque Movement  
  
Totenis Defence Force  
  
Djapati Alliance  
  
Noblemen of Kherno  
  
Kora Pin Free  
  
Biatae Syndicate  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goal: Putting LP 339-7 on the Map  
  
3302-12-15   
  
Dr Lewis Chapman, CEO of the Starship Enterprises Corporation, has announced plans to transform the LP 339-7 system into a popular tourist destination.  
  
To achieve this, the Starship Enterprises Corporation intends to establish a wildlife reserve on the planet LP 339-7 4 A. The reserve will be occupied by various cloned Earth animals, genetically tailored to suit their environments, created by the Starship Enterprises Corporation.  
  
In support of this project, the corporation has placed an open order for progenitor cells, animal monitors, aquaponic systems, atmospheric processors, land enrichment systems and advanced medicines. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in LP 339-7, to ensure that those contributing commodities to the campaign can do so safely.  
  
The campaign begins on the 15th of December 3302 and will run for one week.  
  
# Palin Invited to Join Research Group  
  
3301-09-27   
  
Palin Invited to Join Research Group  
  
  
  
Last week saw reports that Professor Ishmael Palin has been forced to cease his research into the so-called anomalous extraterrestrial objects, also known as 'unknown artefacts'. The Voice of Varati has since received a statement from the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, an independent scientific body:  
  
"We were extremely distressed to read reports that Professor Palin has seen his attempt to research the unknown artefacts forcibly terminated. This is indeed a sad end to a promising beginning, especially given the insights concerning the artefacts the professor had shared with us all.  
  
"We can only speculate as to why he's been silenced in this way, but the fires of suspicion are spreading rapidly. Someone in a position of power knows far more about these things than the rest of us, but wishes this information to remain secret. The question is – why?  
  
"The Canonn is going to redouble its efforts to conduct open research into the UAs, as we feel it is in the interests of humanity to learn as much about these mysterious artefacts as we can. We also urge Professor Palin to join us, as we feel it would be in his and his team's best interests. The professor can contact our council at any time, and we will assemble a quick-response team to assure his safety.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan, The Voice of Varati  
  
# Freelance Report: Kick the Alien Race Concludes  
  
3302-12-16   
  
The Buckyball Race Club has announced the winners of the Kick the Alien (and Run like Hell) race.  
  
First place was taken by Commander Nookie Mr.Smith with a time of 6 minutes 43 seconds, second place was claimed by Commander Raijiin, who completed the circuit in 6 minutes 56 seconds, and third place was taken by Commander Relooops, who finished the race in 7 minutes and 35 seconds.  
  
The Buckyball Racing Club has extended its thanks to those who took part, and apologised to members of the Apocalyptican Faith, who consider the crash site sacred. The organisation insisted that no permanent damage was done, and all race banners, track markers, hot dog stands and tyre tracks have been removed.  
  
Alec Turner  
  
# Shadow President Winters Calls for Investigation  
  
3301-09-28   
  
Shadow President Winters Calls for Investigation  
  
  
  
In a speech before Congress, Shadow President Felicia Winters called for an open and thorough investigation into the allegations made in recent articles posted by the Federal Times:  
  
"There is too much evidence here to be ignored. I knew Vice President Nigel Smeaton personally and he was a good friend - the thought that he was murdered for investigating the death of a family member is repugnant. Our society is one based on truth and freedom and I call upon President Hudson to immediately instigate an impartial and open investigation into these allegations.  
  
Her speech was met with support from both sides of the political divide. There has been no response from the President's office as yet.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-12-21   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval Gains More Powerful Support  
  
3301-09-28   
  
Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval Gains More Powerful Support  
  
  
  
Capitol has been abuzz with rumour following Senator Denton Patreus' open declaration of support for Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval. While possibly not a frontrunner for Emperor, Patreus commands a sizeable fleet and is rich and influential enough to help Arissa Lavigny-Duval become Empress.  
  
Senator Lavigny-Duval already enjoys the support of Chancellor Anders Blaine, whose voice is perhaps the loudest and most influential in the Senate.   
  
The Imperial Herald's revelations concerning connections between Princess Aisling's office and the Emperor's Dawn insurgency have severely impacted her rating, and are likely to have cost her support in the Senate. The political landscape has been shaken further by Senator Zemina Torval's announcement that she is backing Arissa Lavigny-Duval to be crowned Empress.  
  
# Galactic News: Wildlife Reserve Campaign Concludes  
  
3302-12-22   
  
Media outlets in the LP 339-7 system have reported that the Starship Enterprises Corporation wildlife reserve campaign has reached a successful conclusion.  
  
Hundreds of independent pilots supported the campaign by delivering essential commodities to Whitson Orbital and neutralising agitators in the LP 339-7 system, allowing those contributing commodities to do so safely.  
  
The commodities will be used to establish a wildlife reserve on the planet LP 339-7 4 A, thereby fulfilling the organisation's ambition to transform LP 339-7 into a popular tourist destination.  
  
Dr Lewis Chapman, CEO of Starship Enterprises, released the following statement:  
  
"We are delighted with the response to this campaign. As we speak, hundreds of animals are being grown in special in vitro chambers. Soon they will be transported to the reserve.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative can now collect their rewards from Whitson Orbital in the LP 339-7 system.  
  
# Plastic Fantastic  
  
3301-09-28   
  
Plastic Fantastic  
  
  
  
Having been banned from cockpits for over a year, the craze of the Bobblehead is set to return. Although seemingly innocuous, these little plastic figures have been implicated in thousands of accidents across known space, and have even been used by pirates and assassins to murder unwary pilots. But after intense lobbying from various pilot groups and toy manufacturers, production has begun on a new generation of Bobbleheads, which will soon grace cockpits.  
  
Security services have released safety advice to commanders regarding these cockpit adornments, reminding pilots to check their Bobblehead for explosives, hidden cameras and illicit drugs, and to ensure the Bobblehead is firmly affixed to the dashboard before undertaking any manoeuvres.  
  
Commander Rubbernuke  
  
# Community Goal: Festive Appeal  
  
3302-12-22   
  
Many cultures choose to mark the end of the galactic year with the giving and receiving of gifts, and this year will be no exception. In anticipation of this busy period, luxury goods supplier Santa Muerte Co-operative has placed an open order for personal gifts. The organisation's CEO, Nicolas St Clauss, released the following statement to the media:  
  
"This year we're asking pilots to bring goods from Frost Dock in the Njambalba system to Clauss Port in Santa Muerte. In exchange, we're offering generous financial rewards and special festive prizes for those who make contributions.  
  
The campaign begins on the 22nd of December 3302 and will run for two weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# Pirates Wiped Out in Amitrite  
  
3301-09-29   
  
Pirates Wiped Out in Amitrite  
  
  
  
Officials from the Defence Force of Amitrite have praised the many pilots who helped clear the system of pirates this week. Hundreds of hostile ships were eliminated, and crime levels in the system subsequently dropped to new lows.  
  
Representatives of the Libertas Cooperative, speaking on behalf of resettled Pegasi Sector refugees, also extended their thanks to the pilots: "Many of the refugees in the Munshin system have been separated from their families. Now they can be safe in the knowledge that their loved ones can traverse the Empire safely. For the second time in recent weeks, the citizens of the Empire have proved they care about their fellow man. They have set an example for us all.  
  
Some segments of the media have speculated that the participation of independent pilots was especially high because of crime-deterrence policies introduced by Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval. The Defence Force of Amitrite dismissed these claims, calling them "a crass attack on brave men and women who risked their lives to help strangers".  
  
Commander Quade  
  
## Empire  
  
# Community Goals: Alliance to Build New Outpost  
  
3302-12-22   
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has announced plans to construct a planetary outpost in the California Nebula. In a statement, Mahon explained that the new outpost would serve as a centre for xenobiological and astronomical research. He went on to say:  
  
"We have placed an open order for Geological Equipment, Hazardous Environment Suits and Surface Stabilisers for use in the construction of this new outpost, and authorised 160 SOAR to reward pilots who deliver these materials to Tshang City in the Furuhjelm III-674 system.  
  
To ensure those contributing materials can do so safely, 160 SOAR has also placed a kill order on all wanted ships operating in the Furuhjelm III-674 system, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver bounty vouchers to Tshang City.  
  
The campaign begins on the 22nd of December 3302 and will run for two weeks. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.  
  
# President Hudson Confirms Investigation  
  
3301-09-29   
  
President Hudson Confirms Investigation  
  
  
  
President Hudson responded today to Shadow President Winters's call for investigating the allegations raised by the Federal Times. In a press conference at the White House on Mars, he said:  
  
"The allegations raised by the Federal Times are indeed grave and I have already instructed the responsible agencies to pursue the evidence and determine its veracity. If the evidence proves to be true then the wrongdoers will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.  
  
When asked by reporters which agency would be responsible for the investigation, he replied that the Federal Security Service would act as the lead agency, but resources from any law enforcement agency would be available to assist.  
  
Shadow President Winters was quick to respond to the President's announcement:  
  
"While it is good to see the President responding to genuine concerns, I can't help but notice that he is ignoring our call for an open investigation.  
  
# Community Goal: People's Tutumu Confederacy Appeal Concludes  
  
3302-12-22   
  
The People's Tutumu Confederacy has released a statement announcing the successful conclusion of its seasonal appeal. Hundreds of pilots responded to the appeal, delivering huge quantities of goods to North Ring in the Tutumu system.  
  
In addition to offering generous premiums for the requested items, the People's Tutumu Confederacy also organised a special prize draw.  
  
Pilots who contributed to the initiative are now free to collect their rewards from North Ring in the Tutumu system.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-09-29   
  
GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
  
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 496 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Aristocrats of Aurawala  
  
Woloniugo Gold Universal Comms  
  
Revolutionary HIP 38862 Future  
  
Wababa Imperial Society  
  
Revolutionary Party of BD-22 3573  
  
People's Party of Huaich  
  
Aowica Empire Party  
  
Frigaha Services  
  
V2578 Ophiuchii Values Party  
  
Grovichun Gold Netcoms Inc  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 722 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Medzistha Faith  
  
HR 1064 Citizens' Forum  
  
Smethells 173 Allied Services  
  
Tricorii Major PLC  
  
Official Pandinus Party  
  
39 Serpentis Progressive Party  
  
Movement for Lundji Future  
  
Movement for He Xian Di Union Party  
  
Drug Empire of LQ Hydrae  
  
HIP 43197 PLC  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Freelance Report: Allitnil Shatters Fuel-Economy Records  
  
3302-12-23   
  
A new record has been set by Commander Allitnil, who successfully travelled from Sol to Jaques Station in Colonia without making any stops...or equipping a fuel scoop.  
  
The impressive feat took nine days, 5,489 hyperspace jumps and 383 tonnes of hydrogen fuel. Although Commander Allitnil travelled mostly in economic mode, providing regular updates and efficiency calculations, many doubted the trip was possible. But it soon became clear that the amazing efficiency of Allitnil's Anaconda would get him to Jaques with plenty of fuel to spare.  
  
Rumours have surfaced that Commander Allitnil's next challenge might involve travelling from Sol to Beagle Point, but nothing has yet been confirmed.  
  
Alexbrentnall  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-09-30   
  
GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
  
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Galactic News: Federal Exploration Programme in Disarray  
  
3302-12-23   
  
Last month, the Federation launched an appeal for exploration data from a number of remote locations. A competitive appeal was simultaneously launched by a mysterious group known as the Children of Raxxla, which succeeded in completely derailing the Federal initiative. Karl Devene, head of Astrocartography at Mars High, was forced to resign as a result.  
  
Federal exploration projects are currently on hold as a result of the failed initiative, and Devene's successor has not been announced. Meanwhile, the Children of Raxxla has yet to reveal any findings from the data it received, leading some to speculate that the organisation never intended to.  
  
"I believe it was a cynical attempt to sabotage Federal research," said a spokesperson for Mars High Astrocartography. "It was never about exonerating Salomé – they just used her plight to gain the data at the expense of the Federation. Unfortunately, the galactic community proved itself easily manipulated.  
  
Other commentators have concurred with the analysis. Jackson Trent, associate editor of The Imperial Citizen, said:  
  
"I don't understand the allure of Raxxla. They attacked Patreus's flagship and have proved themselves to be criminals of the worst kind. Patreus dealt with Emperor's Dawn – perhaps it's time for him to deal with the Children of Raxxla.  
  
Salomé, known in Imperial circles as Kahina Loren, was killed when the convoy transporting her to Koontz Asylum was interdicted and destroyed. She had been convicted of the attempted assassination of Denton Patreus.   
  
Meanwhile, independent pilots returning from the expedition have reported a series of curious beacons in deep space, but few details have surfaced.  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-09-30   
  
GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
  
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Powerplay: Incoming Update  
  
3302-12-28   
  
At 7.00 am tomorrow morning (GMT), the monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled. Pilots who operate for one of the powers should deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Emperor's Dawn Appeal Meets with Mixed Response  
  
3301-09-30   
  
Emperor's Dawn Appeal Meets with Mixed Response  
  
  
  
Emperor's Dawn Appeal Meets with Mixed Response  
  
Two weeks ago, the organisation known as Emperor's Dawn issued a public appeal for progenitor cells and narcotics. Given the group's extremist ideals, the response was understandably mixed. Many of those who oppose the Empire were only too happy to help, but for others – even those with no particular affinity for Imperial ideals – the idea of helping a known enemy of the Empire was unthinkable. The result was that while the request for progenitor cells was successful, the request for narcotics was not – a result that no doubt reflects the divided attitude towards Emperor's Dawn. The question of what impact this will have on the organisation and its ability to further its agenda remains to be answered.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-10-01   
  
GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
  
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,041 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Jambavan Silver Vision Services  
  
Milceni Galactic Incorporated  
  
Tjupan Corp.  
  
Tjupan Bridge and Co  
  
United Hatis Coalition  
  
Targarku for Equality  
  
HR 198 Dominion  
  
HIP 2452 Prison Colony  
  
Freedom Party of Calugen  
  
Justice Party of Calugen  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Professor Ishmael Palin Responds to Proposal  
  
3301-10-01   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin Responds to Proposal  
  
  
  
Last week, The Voice of Varati published a message from the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, an independent scientific body, inviting Professor Ishmael Palin to join their organisation. Professor Palin recently made headlines when his Federation-backed programme to research the so-called anomalous extraterrestrial objects (or AEOs) was abruptly terminated. When asked for a response to the message, Professor Palin made his feelings clear:  
  
"I admire the enthusiasm of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, but I sense that our respective philosophies concerning the anomalous extraterrestrial objects are somewhat at odds with each other. So while I am flattered by their invitation, I feel I must decline.  
  
Since the AEOs were first discovered, there has been considerable conjecture concerning their origin and purpose, but Professor Palin once again refused to participate in the speculation:  
  
"The objects are certainly mysterious, and I can understand the impulse to speculate, but the fact is that we don't yet know anything definite about them. That is what our research was designed to address.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Scandal Rocks Chancellor Anders Blaine  
  
3301-10-02   
  
Scandal Rocks Chancellor Anders Blaine  
  
  
  
Little has been heard from Princess Aisling Duval since it was revealed that one of her key advisors, Patron Damon Clarke, was connected to Emperor's Dawn. She has reportedly cooperated with both the Senate and IISS investigations into the allegations, and has vehemently denied any prior knowledge of the link.  
  
That changed this morning with the shattering announcement of her own investigation's findings. In a statement, Princess Aisling revealed that some of Chancellor Anders Blaine's past advisors were connected to the same members of Emperor's Dawn as Patron Damon Clarke. She also highlighted that while Patron Clarke's connection to Emperor's Dawn was historic, those within the Chancellor's team were more recent.  
  
She concluded by listing the names of those implicated. Princess Aisling Duval has not yet released evidence of the connections.  
  
Chancellor Anders Blaine denied all knowledge of any connection, and refused to comment further.  
  
# Preparation for 'Bacon Protests' Anniversary Underway  
  
3301-10-02   
  
Preparation for 'Bacon Protests' Anniversary Underway  
  
  
  
Today, a spokesperson for the Bacon Cats, a cooperative of independent pilots, addressed plans to host a spectacular celebration to mark the upcoming anniversary of the so-called 'Bacon Protests'. The spokesperson, Julissa Silver, released the following statement:  
  
"It's true that we're planning something special. We invite everyone to come together, in a spirit of celebration, to commemorate the repeal of the ill-thought-out and short-lived prohibition laws here in the Carnoeck system. There will be many historic exhibits and displays, but most importantly there will be free bacon and libations for all visitors.  
  
Import demands in Carnoeck have hit new highs in recent weeks, and demand for goods continues to rise while locals speculate about the nature of the celebrations. One shuttle pilot was quoted as saying: "Beer and liquor are flying out of depots faster than pilots can bring them in! It's going to be one heck of a party.  
  
Members of the Bacon Cats have said that the celebrations will be positive and respectful, but some news outlets have raised concerns about the event, predicting astronomical policing costs, and speculating that it could attract pirates and other unwanted elements to the Carnoeck system.  
  
Commander Andius Solon  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-10-02   
  
A Week in Powerplay  
  
  
  
Edmund Mahon's policies have allowed the Alliance to achieve new levels of prosperity this week. With optimism and trading profits reaching new highs, it's never been better to be a part of the Alliance. Following the prosperity of the past week, two influential systems pledged their support to the Alliance, and the Council of Admirals reported successfully thwarting numerous incursions seeking to spoil the Alliance's blossoming golden age.   
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval's administration stabilized last week, but once again there is turbulence in her domain. As a result, four systems have begun to question whether Arissa's administration meets their needs. Some have questioned whether the difficulties plaguing Senator Lavigny-Duval's administration in recent weeks stem from her preoccupation with the closed session of the Imperial Senate, where the question of Emperor Hengist's successor is being decided.   
  
Zachary Hudson's approval rating fell slightly this week, but overall the President maintained his standing in relation to other major powers. Heavy undermining took place throughout the President's territory, but overall the Federation fleets under Hudson's command weathered the storm well. The fly in the ointment this week came in the form of a complaint lodged by the Katurru system.   
  
Felicia Winters endured setbacks in her attempt to forge diplomatic agreements during the past two weeks, but she also deflected serious opposition to her rule with aggressive community outreach and aid to systems in need. Her command capital reserves are not as deep as in recent weeks, but funding is available for media teams to spread liberal values to at least one system this week.   
  
Li Yong-Rui was disappointed, as deals that would have incorporated additional systems into the Sirius portfolio fell through. Sirius's investors remain optimistic about the corporation's future performance, as deals with wealthy systems lie on the horizon. With the ongoing study of Sothis Crystalline Gold, Sirius stocks are soaring.   
  
Following the negative press surrounding the potential involvement of one of the Aisling's patrons in the Emperor's assassination, two systems pulled support a week ago, followed by four additional systems this week. The People's Princess now looks forward to the events of the coming week, and the decision of the senate on the matter of the Imperial succession.   
  
Zemina Torval made great strides, as her enterprise expanded its influence into three valuable systems. With this news, the elderly senator has demonstrated her frailty is a figment of her detractors' imaginations. With a vast command capital reserve, Senator Torval is in a strong position to offer several systems the opportunity to become preferred trading partners this week.   
  
Denton Patreus fought to stabilize his territory this week, following recent conflicts with Emperor's Dawn. The cost of the conflicts, combined with regular undermining in the Senator's territory, led to the loss of one key system, although three others that had been in turmoil were retained. The senator now looks to recoup some of the strength that was spent, and to take positive steps leading to a stronger future.   
  
Pranav Antal authorized Utopians to send humanitarian aid to the Munshin system to support the displaced Pegasi Sector citizens. Polevnic's finest commanders sallied forth, crossing hundreds of light years to deliver much-needed medical supplies. The emphasis placed on this mercy mission came at the cost of further advancement of Utopian ideals in surrounding systems.  
  
Archon Delaine and his ruthless crew met with success this week as they brought the resistance force of HIP 106072 to its knees. Those who resisted paid the inevitable price in blood, their families sold into slavery. The expansion of the Kumo Crew comes as a blow to those who have fought for months to end the tyranny of the pirate lord. Analysts now suspect the harassment of refugee ships served as a distraction that allowed the Kumo Crew to conquer this remote world.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Emperor's Dawn: What does it stand for?  
  
3301-10-03   
  
Emperor's Dawn: What does it stand for?  
  
  
  
Since news of Emperor's Dawn first emerged, there has been extensive speculation about the group's agenda. That the organisation wants to destabilise the Imperial power base seems highly likely, given that it was almost certainly responsible for the assassination of Emperor Hengist Duval, but the specifics of its ambitions have remained unclear.  
  
Propaganda material disseminated by Emperor's Dawn has been thoroughly examined, but the generalities it contains, and the vague promises of returning Imperial society to 'traditional values', have done little to illuminate the group's philosophy. Some commentators have suggested that the organisation may be deliberately avoiding making an explicit statement for fear of discouraging potential recruits. After all, if you are intentionally vague about what you stand for, people may assume you stand for the same things they do.  
  
All this has changed, however, with the recovery of an internal Emperor's Dawn statement, released by an individual claiming to be a former member of the organisation. The following text is taken verbatim from the document:  
  
"The Empire has become irrevocably decadent, and stands at a vast remove from the noble ideals that birthed it. In anticipation of its inevitable collapse, we, Emperor's Dawn, Heralds of the New Imperial Age, have compiled the following edicts, to be delivered to the Empire at an appropriate time. We demand that Emperor's Dawn be free to determine the appointment of a new Emperor, that the corrupt and amoral Imperial Senate be immediately disbanded, and that the equivocation and leniency that has neutered the Imperial military be stamped out, to be replaced with a philosophy of total martial conviction.  
  
The identity of the individual who provided the information is not known, but it is understood that Imperial security experts believe the material to be genuine. The office of Senator Denton Patreus responded to the release of the document with a brief statement:  
  
"This information does not change the Senator's position regarding Emperor's Dawn. It is an enemy of the Empire, and it will be destroyed.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-10-03   
  
GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
  
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,326 minor factions currently expanding into new systems (*).  
  
Future of Ngulungbara  
  
Hirapa Empire League  
  
Abi Progressive Party  
  
Albisaki Prison Colony  
  
Zangpo Travel Company  
  
Vucumanada Patron's Principles  
  
Dukes of Jafenhar  
  
Nobles of Nicopa  
  
Kongkhulym Silver Central Co  
  
Puruma Travel Solutions  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Chancellor Anders Blaine Issues Statement  
  
3301-10-04   
  
Chancellor Anders Blaine Issues Statement  
  
  
  
In the early hours of this morning, agents of the Imperial Guard and IISS arrested several members of Chancellor Anders Blaine's staff. He later released a statement:  
  
"It deeply pains me that members of my staff have brought such shame to my name and office. I regret to admit that Princess Aisling Duval's accusations are true, and that members of my staff have been instrumental, albeit without my knowledge, in conducting a campaign of slander against the Princess.  
  
"I take full responsibility for the actions of those in my employ, and offer my full and unconditional apologies to Princess Aisling.  
  
It is difficult to predict how this development will affect the succession vote. On the one hand, the Chancellor's link to Emperor's Dawn will inevitably damage his standing, despite his apparent ignorance of the connection. On the other, his contrition may go some way toward salvaging his reputation.  
  
# Pioneer Returns from the Depths  
  
3301-10-04   
  
Pioneer Returns from the Depths  
  
  
  
On the 5th of January 3301, an explorer by the name of Commander Kommodore set off to visit Sagittarius A* in his Eagle-class starship – the first known attempt to reach the core in such a vessel.  
  
Nothing more was heard from this intrepid explorer until this week, some ten months later, when his trusty Eagle finally returned to a friendly starport. The Commander was said to have a made a rough landing due to the time that had elapsed since he last experienced docking procedures.  
  
During his ten-month mission, believed to be one of the longest on record, the explorer catalogued information on almost 3,900 star systems, and was awarded a staggering 123 million credits from Universal Cartographics for the data he amassed.  
  
Core Dynamics, manufacturers of the Eagle Mk II, has expressed an interest in having Commander Kommodore's ship permanently berthed for posterity, and to show just how durable this little ship is.  
  
Commander Erimus  
  
# Imperial Succession Vote in Senate Today  
  
3301-10-05   
  
Imperial Succession Vote in Senate Today  
  
  
  
Today is the last day of deliberation for the Senate over the question of who will become the next Emperor. By law, the Senate must announce the new Emperor by a clear majority decision tomorrow. Meanwhile, many are asking how a group like Emperor's Dawn could establish so many high-level contacts, and keep such a widespread extremist organisation secret for so long. It is clear that the new Emperor, whoever it may be, will be faced with challenges from the moment he or she assumes the throne.  
  
Chancellor Blaine was considered the strongest candidate for the throne, particularly given the deadlock between Princess Aisling Duval and Senator Arissa Lavigny-Duval. But the recent revelation of his indirect connection to Emperor's Dawn leaves the two women as the most convincing contenders. The Princess's chances were dealt a blow by the revelation of her own connections to Emperor's Dawn. With Senator Lavigny-Duval receiving public support from Senators Patreus and Torval, some believe she has an advantage. Overall, however, the two are too closely matched to be able to confidently call a winner.  
  
# Fuel Rats Complete 2,000th Rescue  
  
3301-10-05   
  
Fuel Rats Complete 2,000th Rescue  
  
  
  
In the 38 days since the Fuel Rats' last made headlines, the group has rescued a further 1,000 ships, bringing the total number of Commanders saved from a frustrating insurance experience to 2,000.  
  
Financial experts have speculated that this service could have saved the Galactic economy as much as 1 billion credits in insurance buyback premiums, not counting the value of lost cargo, exploration data, and bounty vouchers.  
  
In a statement, the Fuel Rats extended special congratulations to Commander KitsuneThe Fluff and Commander Radlock for each achieving 100 individual rescues, with Commander KitsuneThe Fluff being the first to achieve this distinction. Commander Radlok was also singled out for praise after completing 100 rescues in just 45 days.  
  
On behalf of the galaxy at large, we thank you for your service, Commanders. The dedication you have shown in saving your fellow spacefarers from misfortune is to be applauded.  
  
Commander Ceska Zbrojovka  
  
Radio Sidewinder News  
  
# Remembering the Victims of the Cerberus Plague  
  
3301-10-06   
  
The Cerberus Plague was one of the most devastating outbreaks to blight the galaxy for generations, devastating dozens of systems and affecting countless worlds. Official figures place the death toll at over 100,000.  
  
As of today, however, the disease is officially considered extinct. Carl Simmons, the specialist who led research into a cure, has confirmed that no new outbreaks of the plague have been reported since early August, and that the disease can therefore be considered eradicated.  
  
This announcement follows months of work from medical teams across the galaxy, who – with the support of many independent pilots – have laboured tirelessly to deliver the Cerberus antidote to those affected by the plague.  
  
To mark this event, and in remembrance of those who lost their lives to the Cerberus Plague, officials at Hart Station have commissioned a special memorial. Governor Albrecht, administrator of Hart Station, unveiled the monument with the following words:  
  
"It is my solemn duty to dedicate this memorial to the many men, women and children whose lives were claimed by the Cerberus Plague. Their light may be gone from the galaxy, but they will live on in our hearts.  
  
# Senate Declares Arissa Lavigny-Duval Emperor  
  
3301-10-06   
  
Standing on the steps of the Senate building, Chancellor Anders Blaine announced the Senate's decision on the succession. In a historic selection, and as a result of a clear majority vote, Arissa Lavigny-Duval will be the next ruler of the Empire. She will be the first female leader of the Empire since Marlin Duval founded the original colony on Achenar in the 23rd Century, although she will carry the title 'Emperor' rather than 'Empress'. Such an appointment would have been impossible prior to the reign of Hengist Duval due to an ancient decree that all Imperial rulers be male, but a ruling passed by the late Emperor early in his reign did away with this generations-old tradition.  
  
The news has been almost universally celebrated, and even Princess Aisling Duval offered her support for the appointment. The celebrations are likely to continue until the coronation ceremony in a week's time.  
  
Not everyone agrees with the Senate's decision, however. In a statement, Emperor's Dawn declared the selection of Arissa Lavigny-Duval "a desecration of the traditions of the Empire". The organisation has vowed not to allow the ceremony to happen.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-10-06   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 507 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Tsim Binba Imperial Society  
  
Kereng Dimani Natural Ltd  
  
LTT 3007 Crimson Syndicate  
  
Marasing Group  
  
Meiri Fortune Industries  
  
Values Party of Tau Bootis  
  
Adeo Independents  
  
LTT 5964 Crimson Universal Sysy  
  
Liberals of LP 417-213  
  
HIP 98211 Silver Electronics  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 727 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Kapoongzi Empire Party  
  
LP 906-9 Blue Natural Group  
  
Yamatzicni Crimson Mafia  
  
Malaikudi Regulatory State  
  
Regulatory State of HIP 32812  
  
Tamar Blue Natural and Co  
  
Pontar Purple Posse  
  
Clan of Adenses  
  
Defence Party of Cumalam  
  
United Nguna Democrats  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-10-07   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-10-07   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# The Bacon City Hangover  
  
3301-10-08   
  
Last week, the starport of Bacon City played host to the inaugural Bacon Protests anniversary celebrations, which commemorated the repeal of the meat ban that affected citizens of the Carnoeck system in 3288. Revellers from across the galaxy descended on Bacon City to join in the fun, and hundreds of independent pilots ferried animal meat and narcotics to the starport to fuel the festivities.  
  
The event was not without problems, however, as the steady stream of traders and party goers attracted pirates and other disruptive elements to Bacon City. At one point, the starport was blockaded by an animal-rights group, who ordered ships carrying animal meat to jettison their cargo at gunpoint.  
  
A spokesperson for United Carnoeck for Equality, the event's sponsors, released the following announcement:  
  
"For the most part the celebrations have been a huge success, but an event like this is bound to attract a few unsavoury elements. Fortunately we anticipated such an eventuality, and set aside some money for the post-party cleanup. So if you're a bounty hunter and you want to help clear the spaceways around Bacon City, get yourself to the Carnoeck system! We'll make it worth your while.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-10-08   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,833 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Rishair Emperor's Grace  
  
V2689 Orionis Jet Transport Ltd  
  
V2689 Orionis Limited  
  
Conservatives of Antilope  
  
Constitution Party of Antilope  
  
LTT 9573 Company  
  
LTT 9573 Crimson Advanced Ltd  
  
Flech Systems  
  
Flech Bridge Systems  
  
Ho Hsien Corporation  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# More Emperor's Dawn Bases Found  
  
3301-10-08   
  
Two weeks ago, the Imperial Internal Security Service issued a request for exploration data as part of its ongoing effort to locate bases belonging to the insurgent organisation Emperor's Dawn. The request resulted in a raft of fresh astrological data, which has since been subjected to rigorous analysis by the IISS. This in turn has produced a list of star systems that the IISS believes contain Emperor's Dawn bases: Namarii, Tabaldak, LTT 874, Shambhala and Svari.  
  
Some commentators have expressed surprise at the Empire's decision to release the information, given its importance to the Imperial campaign, but Senator Denton Patreus, who is leading the fight against Emperor's Dawn, has no reservations:  
  
"Surprise is not a significant factor at this stage of the campaign. Let the insurgents prepare for our arrival. They cannot hope to withstand the full might of the Empire. We will crush them.  
  
Having already eradicated an Emperor's Dawn cell in Maausk, it is assumed that the Empire will soon launch military campaigns against the remaining insurgent bases.  
  
## Empire  
  
# The Master Chefs – Truth or Hoax?  
  
3301-10-08   
  
An anonymous message has been delivered to a number of news feeds claiming that clandestine genetic experiments are being carried out in Noti system. The message, which was delivered in the early hours of the morning, asserts that an unnamed organisation has secretly created a new strain of slave labour. The full contents of the message are as follows:  
  
"I don't know what they're called – they hide behind various dummy companies – but I know what they're doing. They target people that match a specific genetic template, and kidnap them when they're just kids. Then they subject them to the most punishing, dehumanising training imaginable. By the end of it, the subject is barely even human. Their compassion and empathy have been completely hammered out of them. All that's left is the desire to cook. They call these creations...the Master Chefs.  
  
Is the message legitimate, or is it just an imaginative hoax? We leave you to decide.  
  
# Federal Times Reporter Lends Weight to 'Master Chef' Story  
  
3301-10-08   
  
Earlier today, an anonymous message was delivered to a number of news feeds claiming that secret genetic experiments were being conducted in the Noti system. Many commentators dismissed the message as a hoax, but now it seems the claims may have a basis in reality. Marc Garfield, a reporter for the Federal Times, has allegedly seen the so-called 'master chefs' first hand, and the encounter clearly made an impression:  
  
"There's a secret training facility at Weber Gateway – I managed to sneak in through an air vent. In one room I saw a bunch of slaves chopping vegetables, blindfolded, while a deafening alarm went off. If the slaves dropped below a certain rate of efficiency or precision, they were given an electric shock. In another room they were navigating an assault course while making a soufflé. At least I think it was a soufflé – I'm not an expert. I've never seen anything like it.  
  
Garfield is a respected journalist, and his testimony lends considerable credibility to the 'master chef' story. The journalist also claims that the appeal from the Revolutionary Noti Value Party for Aganippe Rush has been coordinated by the organisation that created the master chefs, and he has suggested that the appeal may be part of an initiative to bring the gourmet slaves to market as a tradable commodity.  
  
# Olympus Corp Thanks the Fuel Rats  
  
3301-10-09   
  
Commander F-Zlim was on the home stretch of a six-month galactic tour when a CO2 leak knocked him out. When he woke to the blare of alarms, his ship, the 'Korblah', was out of fuel. Using long-range comms, F-Zlim notified fellow Commanders at the exploration arm of the Olympus Corp. that he had exactly two minutes and 48 seconds of air remaining. Using the last of the ship's backup battery, he transmitted his final location via the captain's log module, and then he called the Fuel Rats.  
  
"I had 50 seconds of oxygen left when the first refuel drone arrived," said Commander F-Zlim. "It was the most exhilarating and frightening experience in the six months of my journey. The Fuel Rats saved me and I am eternally grateful.  
  
In recognition of for their valiant service, the Olympus Corporation has chosen to award the first-ever Korblah Medal to Commanders Orphius and Lokda Babybel of the Fuel Rats.  
  
Commander Soundwave  
  
# Increased Security on Capitol  
  
3301-10-09   
  
With Emperor's Dawn threatening to sabotage the Imperial coronation ceremony, and the Emperor's assassination still casting a pall over the city, security for the ceremony has been drastically increased. Naval infantry, local police and Imperial Guard units are already patrolling the streets of Capitol and conducting security checks. One Navy contact revealed that this was likely to be one of the largest deployments of Naval troops in decades.  
  
The population has responded positively to the increased security measures, with many locals claiming they would accept any level of protection to prevent another occurrence like the murder of the Emperor.  
  
The security extends beyond Capitol's surface, and in contrast to the Emperor's funeral, only invited guests or those with the appropriate permits will be allowed to enter the Achenar system. This has upset some offworld citizens who wanted to witness the procession first hand, but like the people of Capitol they have demonstrated understanding.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-10-09   
  
Edmund Mahon remains optimistic despite the projections of some economic analysts, citing the fact that the Alliance still boasts the most profitable economy of any power. Despite the pessimistic reports, influential systems are still flocking to the Alliance, with two more joining in the past week. The coming weeks will validate the opinion of either the Prime Minister or the critical analysts.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval experienced a momentous week in several ways, particularly her recent confirmation as the next Emperor. Only the threats of Emperor's Dawn appear to stand in her way now. The past week saw the closing of the embassy with the Sirius Corporation at Sietae. Relations between the Sirius Corp. and the Empire remain friendly. Four additional key systems subscribed to the protection of the Shield of Justice in the past week.  
  
Felicia Winters's approval rating has surpassed that of President Hudson for the first time in over a month. With a marked dip in opposition figures, Shadow President Winters was able to build up a command capital reserve that will serve her forces well in the coming week.  
  
Zachary Hudson's approval rating fell again this week as the Katurru system formally rejected the protection of Federation fleets. President Hudson's fleets more than compensated for the loss of Katurru by establishing bases of operation in three additional systems. The advent of the Close Quarters Combat Championship remains a wild card for the President - his public endorsement of CQC as a recruitment tool for the Federation Navy may lead to a rise in approval in the near future.  
  
Li Yong-Rui has put SiriusGov on track for steady growth. This week has seen the assets of one additional control system brought into the Sirius portfolio. Many investors would hope for more rapid growth and quick profits, but many shareholders recognize the value of a steady future of tempered growth. Li Yong-Rui appears most interested in the latter.  
  
Aisling Duval dealt with the results of the Senate's decision on the Imperial succession with grace, offering her support to the pronouncement, and popular opinion of the People's Princess appears to be on the rebound.  
  
Zemina Torval brought two profitable systems into her enterprise during the past week, ensuring yet another week with a high command capital reserve. Trade routes in Senator Torval's territory reportedly rival those of the Alliance. Things continue to look good for the wizened senator.  
  
Denton Patreus returned to Eotienses this week after a month in Achenar for the closed session of the Senate. His fleets appear to have recovered from recent weeks of conflict with Emperor's Dawn just as new Emperor's Dawn bases have been discovered in five systems. In anticipation of the coming engagements, fortification projects in the Senator's systems are currently in full swing.  
  
Archon Delaine and the Kumo Crew claimed another system, the second week of expansion in a row. Analysts of the war effort in the Pegasi Sector have questioned the effectiveness of the Imperial expeditionary fleets and the voluntary forces that have opposed the Kumo Crew. Criminal activity has been spotted, spurring insurrections this week in two influential Federal systems and one Imperial system.  
  
Pranav Antal now governs an impressive 43 control systems. The achievement is even more remarkable when one considers that mere months ago the vision of Utopia was shared by a mere handful of systems. Many doubted whether Antal's vision for the future would gain any traction, but he has proven beyond all doubt that the ideals of Utopia are more enticing than originally believed.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-10-10   
  
Each week, GalNat presents a list of 10 of the 1,738 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
GD 69 Advanced Industries  
  
HIP 3470 as one  
  
Ualarni Solutions  
  
United Olokulu Party  
  
Frentani Co  
  
Aristocrats of Lauket  
  
Revolutionary Shebera Coalition  
  
HIP 103583 as one  
  
Uniting Martudja  
  
HIP 112389 Purple Major Holdings  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Who is Funding Emperor's Dawn?  
  
3301-10-11   
  
As the war between the Empire and Emperor's Dawn continues, an increasing number of political commentators are asking the question: where does the organisation get its money?  
  
Since the military campaign began, the Empire has expended substantial resources fighting the insurgents, but for the most part Emperor's Dawn has managed to match the strength of the Imperial offensives, and this ability to resist the Empire suggests that the organisation has access to significant levels of funding. Several weeks ago it was revealed that Emperor's Dawn had at one time received backing from D and C Shipping, Inc., an organisation belonging to the Imperial patron and industrialist Damon Clarke, but the connection between the two organisations is believed to have been severed some time ago.  
  
Verifiable details are scarce, but an anonymous source within the Empire has shared suspicions that Emperor's Dawn could have a benefactor in the corporate world. If this is true, it raises the question of what kind of company would support an organisation like Emperor's Dawn, and what it might hope to gain from such an association.  
  
The IISS was approached for comment, but it replied only by saying it was "pursuing all available leads".  
  
## Empire  
  
# Prime Minister Mahon Holds Influence over 1,000 Systems  
  
3301-10-12   
  
The office of Edmund Mahon has announced the signing of the Prime Minister's one thousandth trade agreement. This is a momentous achievement for the Prime Minister and his supporters, and a testament to the hard work and dedication of independent pilots throughout the Alliance. The achievement is impressive given the Prime Minister's relatively small number of supporters. It is also important to remember that Mahon's space doesn't have the reach of the combined borders of the Federation, and has far less than the Empire. It is evidence that the Alliance should be counted among the galaxy's major powers, and a pointed reminder that it intends to maintain its autonomy.  
  
Commander NOIR1787  
  
Alioth Guardian | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Prime Minister Mahon Holds Influence over 1,000 Systems  
  
3301-10-12   
  
The office of Edmund Mahon has announced the signing of the Prime Minister's one thousandth trade agreement. This is a momentous achievement for the Prime Minister and his supporters, and a testament to the hard work and dedication of independent pilots throughout the Alliance. The achievement is impressive given the Prime Minister's relatively small number of supporters. It is also important to remember that Mahon's space doesn't have the reach of the combined borders of the Federation, and has far less than the Empire. It is evidence that the Alliance should be counted among the galaxy's major powers, and a pointed reminder that it intends to maintain its autonomy.  
  
Commander NOIR1787  
  
Alioth Guardian | Interstellar Press  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Emperor's Dawn Connected to Universal Cartographics Security Breach  
  
3301-10-12   
  
Exploration activity has been brought to a near standstill after a data-encrypting firmware bug threatened to compromise recently acquired astronomical data. A spokesperson for Universal Cartographics released the following statement:  
  
"Commanders started noting discrepancies between the exploration records stored in their ship systems and their own personal records. When we investigated, we found that one of our contractors has purposely altered a recent firmware update that was applied to all discovery and surface scanners. We also found that the contractor had a connection to Emperor's Dawn. An arrest warrant has been issued, and our staff worked through the weekend to recover the encrypted data and replace the compromised firmware.  
  
It has been speculated that the sabotage was designed to hamstring the IISS's efforts to locate Emperor's Dawn bases using exploration data.  
  
Commander Fionn Mac Cumhaill  
  
# Emperor's Dawn Connected to Universal Cartographics Security Breach  
  
3301-10-12   
  
Exploration activity has been brought to a near standstill after a data-encrypting firmware bug threatened to compromise recently acquired astronomical data. A spokesperson for Universal Cartographics released the following statement:  
  
"Commanders started noting discrepancies between the exploration records stored in their ship systems and their own personal records. When we investigated, we found that one of our contractors has purposely altered a recent firmware update that was applied to all discovery and surface scanners. We also found that the contractor had a connection to Emperor's Dawn. An arrest warrant has been issued, and our staff worked through the weekend to recover the encrypted data and replace the compromised firmware.  
  
It has been speculated that the sabotage was designed to hamstring the IISS's efforts to locate Emperor's Dawn bases using exploration data.  
  
Commander Fionn Mac Cumhaill  
  
# Canonn Interstellar Research Group Announces Breakthrough  
  
3301-10-13   
  
After months of research, scientists working for the Canonn Interstellar Research Group observed a change in the transmissions emanating from the so-called 'unknown artefacts', also known as 'anomalous extraterrestrial objects' (or AEOs). Now the organisation believes it has decoded at least part of these strange transmissions. Startlingly, the messages appear to contain schematic diagrams of the ships being used to study the objects.  
  
The breakthrough came when Commander Mike Juliett Kilo was inspired to channel a pre-recorded AEO signal into an antique scanner display system he happened to be transporting. "I was prepared to see an alien face or Thargoid warship," he said. "I certainly didn't expect to see a Vulture, especially as I was flying one at the time! It sent shivers down my spine.  
  
As the number of AEOs encountered in the Aries Dark region increases, the debate over the objects continues.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-10-13   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,519 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Wolf 1182 Values Party  
  
G 214-14 Clan  
  
Union of G 69-11 Progressive Party  
  
Confederacy of Jeticans  
  
Wilastsi Confederacy  
  
V740 Cassiopeiae Hand Gang  
  
Huiche Blue Gang  
  
Midgcut Jet Dynamic Commodities  
  
HIP 103654 Jet Major Commodities  
  
New Unktomi Democrats  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,976 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
HIP 16460 Empire Consulate  
  
Cartoi Life Company  
  
Buricasses Citizens of Tradition  
  
Psi Capricorni Purple Brothers  
  
Epsilon Scorpii Central Corp.  
  
AF Leporis Nobles  
  
Independent Pichanto Alliance  
  
Ayethi Citizens of Tradition  
  
Uzumeru Netcoms Incorporated  
  
Clan of Jadlillke  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Elegance in Simplicity  
  
3301-10-13   
  
Gutamaya Shipyards' latest vessel, the Imperial Eagle, is now available for purchase for any pilot holding the appropriate rank in the Imperial Navy, and positive consumer feedback is already flooding in.  
  
Commander Corrigendum, operating in the Prism system, said: "The Imperial Eagle is a blast to fly. It handles beautifully and has looks to match. I was able to stick on the tail of an Imperial Courier during combat exercises. It's a great addition to the Gutamaya portfolio." Commander Stateira 'Starcloak' Eleshenar added: "I love my Eagle, so I was curious to see if Gutamaya could improve on Core Dynamics' classic design. Now I've taken it out a few times, I'm happy to say it retains all the sublime responsiveness of the Eagle, and packs a harder punch in combat.  
  
When asked about the secret of Gutamaya Shipyards' success, lead engineer Ines Allende responded: "Elegance in simplicity. We kept the core design that made the Eagle Mk II great and simply tinkered with a few key elements.  
  
Commander Stateira "Starcloak" Eleshenar  
  
Jameson Memorial Review | Interstellar Press  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-10-14   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-10-14   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Sirius Corporation Announces New Programme  
  
3301-10-15   
  
Earlier this year, the Sirius Corporation expanded into the systems of HIP 8396, Almagest, Sothis, Ceos, and Robigo. At the time, a number of economists predicted that these systems would witness dramatic change after being brought under Sirius Corp. control, but in fact the affected systems have remained much the same, with citizens reporting little difference to their everyday lives.  
  
It seems, however, that the Sirius Corporation might simply have been biding its time. In a statement released today, Li Yong-Rui, the CEO of the Sirius Corp., announced ambitious plans to revitalise his company's new holdings:  
  
"Over the coming weeks, the Sirius Corporation will subsidize a number of initiatives designed to revive the social and economic health of our new territories. These initiatives, which will rely heavily on support from independent contractors and pilots, will reinvigorate the economies of the affected systems, and usher in a new era of peace and prosperity for our compatriots.  
  
Roberta Unwin, an economist who regularly contributes to the Money Matters news feed, commented on the announcement:  
  
"Wealthy organisations often expand into new areas without any immediate plans in mind. Sometimes it's because they think the area will become profitable – other times it's done to undercut a rival. It's called speculative expansion. It's actually rather common, although it usually takes place on a much smaller scale.  
  
It appears the Sirius Corp. is eager to get started. The first of its initiatives is due to begin today, with the company appealing to independent pilots to deliver osmium to the HIP 8396 system, and promising to reward participants generously.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-10-15   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,825 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Nationalists of Ticushpakhi  
  
Anezgan Focus  
  
Union of Yenic Resistance  
  
LTT 10918 Order  
  
GQ Virginis General Corporation  
  
Justice Party of HIP 105391  
  
Nu-2 Lupi Crimson United Prtnrs  
  
Aymifa Empire Pact  
  
Aymifa Regulatory State   
  
League of Andhrimi Defence Party  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Appeal for Aganippe Rush Comes to an End  
  
3301-10-15   
  
The Revolutionary Noti Value Party, a group based in the Noti system, recently issued an open contract for Aganippe Rush, a rare commodity found only in the Aganippe system. Although the faction chose not to publicise the reason for the request, the response was positive, with hundreds of independent pilots making the journey to Aganippe to gather quantities of the unusual commodity. Authorities at Weber Gateway, were the deliveries were taken, even had to take on additional staff to deal with the influx of trade ships.  
  
A spokesperson for the Revolutionary Noti Value Party released a brief statement:  
  
"We are extremely grateful to everyone who contributed to this initiative. Aganippe Rush is not a widely available commodity, and we appreciate the lengths pilots went to in order to deliver it to us at Weber Gateway.  
  
The Revolutionary Noti Value Party was asked to elaborate on the reason for its request, but the organisation declined to respond.  
  
# Carnoeck System Clean up Nearly Over  
  
3301-10-15   
  
Last week, United Carnoeck for Equality issued a public appeal for help in clearing the Carnoeck system of pirates and other disruptive elements. The agitators had congregated in the Carnoeck system in the wake of the Bacon Protests anniversary celebrations, and were harassing traders and revellers travelling to and from Bacon City.  
  
The response to the appeal was overwhelmingly positive, with hundreds of combat pilots taking to their ships and heading for the Carnoeck system. The resulting conflict lasted for several days and raged throughout Carnoeck, and ultimately succeeded in routing the disruptive elements. United Carnoeck for Equality will soon be issuing rewards to pilots who helped to clear the spaceways of agitators.  
  
# Gifts for the New Emperor  
  
3301-10-15   
  
On Sunday, Arissa Lavigny-Duval will be crowned Emperor. Preparations for the coronation are almost complete, and the population of Capitol is eagerly awaiting the inauguration of the Empire's first female ruler. To mark this prestigious occasion, the future Emperor has invited galactic citizens to bring her gifts in exchange for certain incentives. In a statement, Lavigny-Duval said:  
  
"It has long been a tradition for Imperial citizens to bestow gifts upon their new ruler. For the first time, and in keeping with the inclusive philosophy I intend to cultivate, I am extending this invitation to all galactic citizens. Anyone who wishes to do so may deliver coronation gifts, in the form of slaves, to Achenar.  
  
The request for slaves is likely to invoke the ire of anti-slavery groups, but the Empire has underscored the fact that all slaves – not only Imperial slaves – will be accepted. This means that any non-Imperial slaves brought to Achenar will be reclassified as Imperial slaves, which will almost certainly improve their quality of life.  
  
Pilots who respond to the request will be offered discounts on Imperial ships, as well as being granted access to vessels that would ordinarily require a rank in the Imperial Navy. The permit restrictions on Achenar have also been temporarily lifted to allow pilots to deliver gifts to the future Emperor.  
  
## Empire  
  
# The War against Emperor's Dawn Continues  
  
3301-10-15   
  
Following the Empire's recent discovery of five additional Emperor's Dawn bases, Senator Denton Patreus has despatched military fleets to three of the systems occupied by the insurgents: Namarii, Tabaldak and LTT 874. The Senator has also authorised a number of Empire-aligned factions to reward pilots who join the fight against Emperor's Dawn. The insurgents, meanwhile, have responded in kind, promising to reward pilots who help repel the Imperials.  
  
Some news feeds have speculated that the Senator's actions are designed not only to maintain the pressure on Emperor's Dawn, but also to minimise the chances of the insurgents disrupting Arissa Lavigny-Duval's forthcoming coronation.  
  
The outcome of the battle is by no means certain, but one thing is for sure – the wider conflict between the Empire and Emperor's Dawn is far from over.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Technical Trouble in the Warkushanui System  
  
3301-10-16   
  
Reports coming in from the Warkushanui system indicate that a number of starports in the region are currently experiencing technical issues. According to Sam Norris, a technician at Coats Hub, the system's inhabitants are dealing with a range of problems:  
  
"We've had power outages, intermittent problems with our communications, and issues with the docking systems, but I've reason to believe that things are worse at Gurragchaa Gateway. I haven't been able to establish a stable comms link with them for a while, though, so I don't know exactly what the situation is.  
  
Norris was asked what he thought might be causing the problems:  
  
"Beats the hell out of me. The generators are fine and I haven't identified any infrastructure issues, so we'll need to run some tests before we can be sure.  
  
The issues in Warkushanui are not believed to be affecting station services at this time.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-10-16   
  
Edmund Mahon has proven last week's naysaying economists wrong. The economic juggernaut that is the Alliance of Independent Systems now exerts influence over more than 1,000 systems – a tremendous milestone for the fledgling superpower, which only recently celebrated 70 years of existence.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval's days have been largely consumed by preparations for her coronation ceremony, but she has also made time to direct the efforts of the Shield of Justice. The Emperor-to-be oversaw massive fortifications during the past week, with 50 systems secured against little opposition. Everything appears to be in order for the coronation ceremony this weekend.  
  
Zachary Hudson amassed an enormous command capital stockpile in the previous week, alongside an increase in approval rating. Federal Navy recruitment levels are also at an all-time high, with many attributing the increased interest in the Navy to the CQC Championships.  
  
Felicia Winters and the liberal arm of the Federation have stockpiled sufficient resources to establish bases in a handful of systems, which will serve as staging points for future aid programs. Mangwe became one such base of operation during the past week.  
  
In the past week, Aisling Duval's supporters convinced the population of an influential system to support the people's princess, and her public-relations machine now appears primed to persuade additional systems to join Aisling's cause.  
  
Li Yong-Rui recently announced an initiative to bolster the economy of the distant colony of HIP 8396. This program comes at an odd time for Sirius, as profits fell during the past week, resulting in strained business relations with two systems.  
  
Denton Patreus has at last established a small cushion of command capital with which to exert additional influence over systems bordering his territory. The elimination of Emperor's Dawn remains among the Senator's top priorities, and as his fleets deploy, fortifications are underway to guard against further expansion of the insurgent organization.  
  
Zemina Torval's enterprises suffered some setbacks this week, resulting in turmoil for one popular trade system. Given the Senator's recent track record, economic analysts are not overly concerned about trade in her systems, and expect this to be a minor hiccup.  
  
Pranav Antal continued Utopia's quiet march through civilized space with the addition of the Xi Wang Mu system. Antal now has a modest command capital reserve with which to expand the vision of Utopia.  
  
Archon Delaine's attempts to exploit additional systems were denied this week, as system defence forces repelled Kumo Crew-backed insurrectionists. The spider of the Pegasi Sector is already spinning webs to ensnare additional systems. It remains to be seen whether the renewed offensive against Emperor's Dawn will weaken the Imperial resistance to the Pirate Lord.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-10-17   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 2,708 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Morai Nobles  
  
Nungk Empire Party  
  
Varlawoth Prison Colony  
  
HIP 6761 Focus  
  
Evenses Liberals  
  
Hrana General Holdings  
  
58 Epsilon Herculis Industry  
  
Vendelia Coalition  
  
Any Na General Group  
  
Independents of Achansa  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Arissa Lavigny-Duval Crowned Emperor  
  
3301-10-18   
  
Today, dawn broke above an expectant Capitol as Imperial citizens awaited the coronation of the first female Emperor (the Imperial Senate having determined that 'Emperor' should be used for both male and female rulers). It looked like the entire population had come to witness the procession of Arissa Lavigny-Duval through the city to the Imperial Palace.  
  
The crowd's excitement was palpable, but it was undercut by uncertainty over whether the insurgent organisation Emperor's Dawn would succeed in disrupting the coronation ceremony, as they claimed they would. There have been rumours that Emperor-to-be Arissa refused to travel in a closed speeder, despite concerns for her safety, and she looked every part the Emperor as the procession made its way sedately through the city.  
  
The military and security presence was visible throughout the city, with Naval Infantry in full dress uniform lining the streets. A full company of Imperial Guard marched alongside the Senator's vehicle, their stark black uniforms contrasting with the crisp whites of the Naval Infantry.  
  
The procession arrived at the palace at exactly midday, where the senators and Imperial family waited. The brief ceremony was transmitted live throughout the Empire, and screened at key locations in the city so the crowds could watch. The multitude roared their appreciation to the sky as Emperor-to-be Arissa Lavigny-Duval completed her vows of office.  
  
At the conclusion of the ceremony, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval offered a few words for her people:  
  
"This is a day I cannot compare to any other. The trust my fellow senators have shown in me makes me all the more determined to overcome the challenges we will surely face in the coming weeks and months. For too long we have suffered from uncertainty in the wake of the Emperor's death.   
  
"I had the great fortune to talk with the late Emperor in his final days, and to learn how he planned to strengthen the Empire in these times of change. In the coming weeks, I will announce the formation of my government and my plans to tackle the threats facing the Empire.  
  
"But for now I will enjoy this moment and express my gratitude to the Empire and everyone, from slave to senator, for this opportunity to serve.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Pilots Call for Starship Lighting Enquiry  
  
3301-10-19   
  
More than 220,000 pilots have signed a petition calling for an inquiry into the lack of anti-collision lights on starships and emergency lighting on system-authority ships. Jenson Zanetti, chairman of the Pilots Federation Safety Board, stated:  
  
"At some point in their careers, most pilots will be struck by an authority or private vessel they did not see, which can be disastrous for both parties. If our proposals are implemented, we predict a massive decrease in the number of fatal collisions in and around space stations.  
  
The petition calls for all system-authority vessels to be fitted with lighting equipment to help pilots identify these important craft, and for anti-collision lights to be fitted to all starships. The petition concludes by stating that the lights only need to be used within a station's no-fire zone, and when the ship's main lights are active.  
  
Commander Devenish, Alliance News Network  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-10-20   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 4,174 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Macuano Advanced Network  
  
Luyten 347-14 Prison Colony  
  
Poluskapura Industries  
  
Plentauri Transport Incorporated  
  
Aetius aristocrats  
  
Cartoq Purple Major Organisation  
  
HR 5504 Dominion  
  
Barons of Coringha  
  
Clotti Future  
  
Ithelki Netcoms Industries  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 4,742 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Lillith League  
  
Kokowar Group   
  
Timbarichs Conservatives  
  
Maiducane Collective  
  
Kolyawa Confederation  
  
Alacagui Holdings  
  
Tun Netcoms Services  
  
Synteini Industries  
  
Bureau of Aulis  
  
Murnako Interstellar  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-10-21   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-10-21   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# The Emperor Denounces Emperor's Dawn  
  
3301-10-21   
  
To date, the Empire's campaign against the insurgent organisation Emperor's Dawn has fallen largely under the jurisdiction of Senator Denton Patreus, but now that the question of the succession has been answered, the Empire is in a position to give Emperor's Dawn its full attention. Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval has issued a frank statement in which she denounces Emperor's Dawn as "an enemy of the Empire", and promises to give Senator Patreus her full support:  
  
"Emperor's Dawn has gone to great lengths to present itself as being aligned with the Empire's values and ideals, but make no mistake – this organisation is an enemy of the Empire. Senator Patreus has demonstrated sound judgement in his management of the campaign, and I have every faith in his ability to remove this threat to our civilisation. The operation to destroy Emperor's Dawn will continue under his guidance.  
  
The statement constitutes the Emperor's first decree as ruler of the Empire, and reflects a clear commitment to Imperial security.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-10-22   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections (*).  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,473 minor factions holding elections:  
  
LP 320-359 League  
  
Kebeledu Purple Legal Corp.  
  
Coalition of Feldr  
  
Arinna Legal Industry  
  
HR 7221 Patron's Principles  
  
New Meliae Flag  
  
LTT 17817 Guardians of Tradition  
  
Komovoy Fortune Inc  
  
Wuonanie Empire Pact  
  
LTT 4487 Industry  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
* Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# From Dreams to Reality  
  
3301-10-22   
  
For the past few months, a development group founded by the Explorer's Association has been working on plans to build a starport in the Pleiades Nebula. Now, it appears the plans are about to become reality. A spokesperson from the Explorer's Association made the following statement:  
  
"A starport in the Pleiades Nebula would be of tremendous value to pilots, serving as a reliable resupply point and sanctuary in the depths of space. But breaking into deep space is always costly, not to mention potentially dangerous. Fortunately we have received generous support from the Brewer Corporation, Pacap Limited and Universal Cartographics, and are now in a position to begin construction. The first phase of the project involves collecting the necessary materials to create the starport superstructure, and to this end we are willing to offer generous premiums to pilots delivering metals to Neville Horizons, our base of operations. I encourage all those with an interest in exploration to join this exciting project, and contribute to the next phase of humankind's expansion.  
  
One of the pilots involved in the programme was quoted as saying:  
  
"Hopefully, getting a station farther out into uninhabited space will be the first step towards human expansion out into the wider reaches of the galaxy.  
  
Pilots who wish to contribute to the campaign should deliver metals to Neville Horizons in the Kaushpoos system.  
  
# Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval Expresses Gratitude  
  
3301-10-22   
  
Last week, Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval invited galactic citizens to deliver gifts in honour of her forthcoming coronation. The response was enthusiastic, resulting in hundreds of pilots flocking to the Achenar system to deliver slaves to Dawes Hub. In a statement, the Emperor expressed her gratitude to those who responded to the request:  
  
"I am delighted with the reaction to my appeal. The fact that pilots affiliated with the Federation and Alliance responded to my request fills me with hope for a future of peaceful exchange and cooperation.  
  
Pilots who took part in the event were offered discounts on Imperial ships, as well as being granted access to vessels that would ordinarily require a rank in the Imperial Navy.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Sirius Corporation Takes Aim at Pirates  
  
3301-10-22   
  
Reports are coming in of pirate activity in the Robigo system, a seldom-visited region of space that was recently brought under the control of the Sirius Corporation. Fortunately for the people of Robigo Mines, the system's only outpost, the Sirius Corporation has a history of taking a zero-tolerance approach to those who threaten its holdings. In fact, the company has already issued bounties on the pirates, offering generous rewards to anyone who helps clear them from the area. In a statement, Li Yong-Rui, the CEO of the Sirius Corp, said:  
  
"The Sirius Corporation has a legal right to protect its assets, and a moral obligation to defend its people. The outpost of Robigo Mines is Sirius Corporation property, and we will not allow it to come to harm. To this end, I have set aside a substantial fund to reward pilots who help to eliminate the pirates operating in the Robigo system.  
  
# Technical Issues in Warkushanui Intensify  
  
3301-10-22   
  
Recent reports from the Warkushanui system suggest that the technical issues affecting the region are worsening. According to the Federal Times, which spoke with station personnel at Gurragchaa Gateway, starports throughout the system are experiencing a range of inexplicable mechanical problems. A technician at Gurragchaa Gateway said:  
  
"We've got malfunctions and breakdowns cropping up all over the starport, so we're in fire-fighting mode at the moment, but no obvious cause has presented itself yet.  
  
As the technical problems in Warkushanui intensify, some commentators have drawn attention to the fact that the number of anomalous extraterrestrial objects (or AEOs) discovered in the system has recently increased. The Federal Times asked staff at Gurragchaa Gateway if there could be a connection between the mysterious objects and the breakdowns, but was told only that "all available lines of enquiry were being explored".  
  
If these problems persist, it seems likely that station services in Warkushanui will soon be affected.  
  
# Technical Trouble in 49 Arietis  
  
3301-10-23   
  
Amid news that the technical issues plaguing the Warkushanui system have worsened, reports are coming in that starports in the system of 49 Arietis are experiencing similar problems. According to Blake Fry, a commercial freight pilot who regularly traverses the 49 Arietis system, the starport of Gaiman Dock has been hit with a plethora of issues in recent hours, including power outages and system failures. Speaking to the Federal Times, Fry said:  
  
"I don't know exactly what's going on, but they've got problems popping up all over the place. Energy, infrastructure – everything's on the fritz. They're in a world of pain over there.  
  
When asked if he had any theories on what was happening at Gaiman Dock, Fry was unequivocal:  
  
"Hey, I read the news. I'm not stupid. First they take those alien pods there, and then there's a complete technical breakdown. Didn't they say those AEO things damaged machinery? Join the dots, man!  
  
The issues in 49 Arietis are not believed to be affecting station services at this time.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-10-23   
  
Edmund Mahon presided over the finalization of an agreement that resulted in another regionally significant system joining the Alliance. The Prime Minister also praised defensive efforts that kept Alliance territory safe this week. A significant command capital reserve will make additional trade agreements possible during the coming week, further augmenting the Alliance's booming economy.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval was crowned Emperor this week, settling extensive debate over the succession crisis. Since her coronation, the Emperor has busied herself with the management of her vast territory. Two influential systems have pledged their support to the new Emperor in exchange for the enforcement of law and order.  
  
Zachary Hudson's fleets did not secure any additional territory this week, but fortification of the Federation's core worlds ensured that the President will have plenty of opportunity to focus his efforts outward in the near future. In the meantime, the CQC Championship continues to swell the ranks of the Federal Navy.  
  
Felicia Winters has carried on as she has for many weeks now. Undermining of the Shadow President's authority was roughly half that of recent weeks, allowing regular defensive efforts to be focused elsewhere. Should these trends continue, it is likely that Shadow President Winters will be able to expand her aid programs at a greater rate.  
  
Aisling Duval has kept a low profile in recent days, but her followers have been zealous as ever, which led to HIP 114709 pledging its support to Aisling. The public relations machine of people's princess has received additional funding, and is now preparing for multiple media blitzes.  
  
Li Yong-Rui was able to navigate Sirius Gov out of last week's financial straits, finalizing two major business deals that led to the acquisition of two systems. He was also able to amass sufficient reserves to open negotiations with several more systems this week. Sirius stocks are soaring.  
  
Denton Patreus has been embroiled in all-out war with the forces of Emperor's Dawn this week, which has consumed most of his energies, although he did find the time and resources to expand his influence to the Ditae system. With the full support of the Emperor against Emperor's Dawn, it is anticipated that the tide will soon turn against the insurrectionists.  
  
Zemina Torval recovered from last week's financial turmoil with grace and fortitude. Three systems have been added to the senator's list of preferred trading partners, and she now looks forward to establishing even more relationships in the near future.  
  
Pranav Antal succeeded in bringing another system, HIP 108110, into the Utopian fold this week. Utopian enclaves are now present in 45 systems. The peaceful society remains a beacon of hope in times of chaos.  
  
Archon Delaine has amassed a command capital supply greater than he's had in months. With these resources, the Pirate Lord has unleashed an unprecedented wave of blackmail and bribery in systems all around his domain. It is feared that these efforts will lead to several more systems falling to the Pirate Lord in the near future.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-10-24   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 3,990 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Bureau of Parasvari Freedom Party  
  
HIP 21724 Empire Assembly  
  
Confederation of Bidja  
  
Union of Li Tan Values Party  
  
Tang Warri Industry  
  
Constitution Party of Lemovi  
  
Coalition of Achali  
  
HIP 79152 Industries  
  
Confederation of Aramorians  
  
Spokare Purple Mafia  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Federation Scientist Initiates Independent Research Programme  
  
3301-10-26   
  
Ishmael Palin, the Federation scientist tasked with studying the anomalous extraterrestrial objects discovered earlier this year, has announced his decision to resume his research. This development follows the termination of an earlier, Federation-backed research programme led by Professor Palin.  
  
The decision to restart the programme constitutes a defiant move on the part of Professor Palin, who declined to make a public statement at the time of the original project's cancellation. The new research effort will be based at Christian Dock in the Nganji System, close to the region of space where the objects were discovered.  
  
Professor Palin made the following statement:  
  
"I have no wish to speculate on Governor Quaid's reasons for cancelling the original research programme, but I will say that these objects signify a potentially momentous scientific discovery, and I am extremely pleased to be able to continue my research. As a scientist I feel it is my duty to subject these fascinating objects to comprehensive analysis, and to share the results of that analysis with the galactic community. Hopefully, now that Governor Deacon has allowed us to establish a research base at Christian Dock, my team and I can continue with our work, free from interference.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Commemorative Space Race  
  
3301-10-26   
  
To commemorate 'Star Wars', the classic audiovisual entertainment series of the 20th and 21st century, the Buckyball Racing Club, sponsored by Leesti Azure Milk, presents the first part of a new galactic race, the Kessel Run.  
  
The race runs from the 31st of October 3301, 00:00 GMT, to the 15th of November 3301, 23:59 GMT. It will begin at George Lucas station in Leesti and end in the Jabbah system, a few hundred light years outside the bubble. Between start and finish, participants must dock at every station and outpost named 'Kessel' in any order they desire.  
  
There will be three racing classes: Regulation Solo Sidewinder, Regulation Solo Cobra Mk III, and the Open Unlimited Spec class.  
  
Commander Stern Winter  
  
# Fight Club Rocks Athena  
  
3301-10-26   
  
At approximately 21:00 on Saturday the 18th October 3301, a slew of heavily armed Cobras began congregating outside Powell Terminal in the Athena system for an all-on-all bloodbath. Millions of credits' worth of insurance claims were issued as the Commanders of the XYZ Fight Club kicked off the 'Cobra Crunch'.  
  
One of the most epic battles of the tournament was the fight between Koldnitz and FlappyHamWallet (both very experienced commanders), who lit up the skies around the Coriolis starport with their lasers and missiles. Much whooping and cheering was heard over comms chatter for over four hours, after which many congratulatory messages were directed to Commander Estalath, who appeared to be the victor.  
  
Station security has confirmed that several thousand credits' worth of fines were issued, but there was no significant damage done to the station. One station worker reported: "This old girl can withstand a few out-of-control Cobras crashing into her." Meanwhile, system authorities were reportedly unhappy about Athena hosting a second XYZ Fight Club event, saying: "we thought they'd host one event and then move on".  
  
Commander Amphetamine Rush  
  
# Fresh Incentive from Emperor's Dawn  
  
3301-10-26   
  
The war between the Empire and the insurgent organisation Emperor's Dawn has taken a decisive turn, as the Empire dealt critical blows to the insurrectionists' forces in the Namarii, Tabaldak and LTT 874 systems this week. In response, Emperor's Dawn has issued a statement indicating that it intends to dramatically increase the amounts it is offering to privateers:  
  
"The Empire thinks that those who fight on its side do so because they share its ideals. We believe they fight because they are well paid. Fortunately, the Imperials are not the only ones who can purchase victory. From this point on, we will give any pilots who fight for our cause double the amount originally offered. Let us see how much people really believe in 'Imperial values'.  
  
This development is likely to rekindle debate over how the insurgent organisation is funded, given its apparent ability to access significant reserves.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-10-27   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,336 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
LTT 16016 Transport Limited  
  
LTT 12990 Incorporated   
  
Toci Purple Council  
  
Earls of LP 802-69  
  
Nobles of Gautama  
  
MV Virginis Comms Inc  
  
Workers of LTT 6772 Partnership  
  
Ketekhmet Purple Camorra  
  
LHS 1097 Empire Assembly  
  
Willapa Resistance  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,561 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Ross 364 Movement  
  
People's Karelitakas Unionists  
  
League of Zosian Tse Freedom Party  
  
Natural Lakluita Dominion  
  
LTT 17156 Crimson Partnership  
  
Gold Travel Incorporated  
  
HIP 107295 Patron's Principles  
  
Noblemen of Koshas  
  
Paesia Future  
  
Labour of Arugu  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-10-28   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-10-28   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Station Services Suspended at Gurragchaa Gateway  
  
3301-10-28   
  
Following recent news of technical issues in the Warkushanui system, officials at Gurragchaa Gateway have announced that all station services, bar refuelling and rearming, have been suspended. A member of the starport's technical team released a brief statement:  
  
"Due to ongoing technical issues, we are currently unable to offer access to the commodities market, shipyard and outfitting services, and other frontline facilities. We are still trying to determine the cause of the problem, and will notify the public as soon as services are reinstated. Your patience and understanding are appreciated.  
  
Shortly after this statement was released, a Federal source issued an official travel warning advising pilots to avoid the starport entirely.  
  
# Construction of New Starport Begins  
  
3301-10-28   
  
Work has now begun on a new Ocellus starport in the Kaushpoos system. The project began with a request from the Explorers' Association, which issued an appeal for metals for use in the station superstructure. The response to the request was overwhelmingly positive, and work on the starport is now underway. A spokesperson for the Explorers' Association released a brief statement:  
  
"We're delighted with the response, and are hugely excited about starting work on the starport. With a little luck, there will soon be a brand new, state-of-the art outpost in the Pleiades Nebula.  
  
The Explorers' Association is expected to announce the next phase of the project soon.  
  
# Empire Wins Decisive Victory  
  
3301-10-28   
  
For the past two weeks, the Empire has been battling the insurgent organisation Emperor's Dawn in the Namarii, Tabaldak and LTT 874 systems. This morning, the Empire confirmed that the campaign had been a resounding success, resulting in the total destruction of all three Emperor's Dawn bases. Senator Denton Patreus, who has been leading the campaign against the insurrectionists, issued a defiant statement:  
  
"Today we have delivered a decisive blow to our enemies, shattering their forces and leaving them scattered and defenceless. For all their bluster, these dissidents have been shown themselves to be nothing more than petty brigands, lacking in unity and moral conviction, and unable to withstand the might of our combined military forces. Their bases have been destroyed, their fleets routed. Emperor's Dawn is no longer a threat.  
  
But General Anthony Corvus, the veteran responsible for coordinating the Empire's military operations, adopted a more cautious tone:  
  
"This is a significant victory, certainly, but the war is not over. Cell organisations such as Emperor's Dawn can be surprisingly resilient, and it would be a mistake to discount them, even at this stage. Once I have seen the very last of their fighters destroyed, I will consider them vanquished. But that day has not yet come.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Technical Issues in 64 Arietis  
  
3301-10-29   
  
The starport of Weyn Dock in the 64 Arietis system has become the latest to be affected by mysterious technical issues, following a rash of inexplicable breakdowns and malfunctions at starports throughout the Warkushanui system. According to Laura Bishop, technical supervisor at Weyn Dock, the starport has experienced a range of problems over the past 24 hours:  
  
"First we had some power outages, now we've got widespread system failures. We haven't been able to determine the cause but we're investigating at the moment, so when we know more, you'll know more.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-10-29   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,210 minor factions holding elections:  
  
BD-17 6172 Travel Industries  
  
United LHS 3505 Liberals  
  
Karsha Solutions  
  
Traditional V749 Herculis Party  
  
Kurundulli Empire League  
  
Charonium Industry  
  
Phiagre Industry  
  
Walka Blue General Co  
  
Kartam Silver Fortune Inc  
  
HIP 13841 Purple Bridge PLC  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Jeffress's Second Treasure Hunt  
  
3301-10-29   
  
Last month, the reclusive philanthropist Alfred Jeffress made headlines with his galaxy-wide treasure hunt, and now it seems the eccentric billionaire is at it again. Having promised that the first event would not be the last of its kind, Jeffress has announced a second treasure hunt, and once again he is offering a share of his vast personal fortune to the winner.  
  
According to a statement from Jeffress, the event will follow much the same format as the first. A mystery object has been placed somewhere in space, and the first person to find and deliver it to a specified location will win the competition. As before, Jeffress has released a riddle that he claims will lead participants to the mystery object:  
  
"A dissatisfied scholar keeps a visionary in his grasp as he makes his deal.  
  
With such a generous prize on offer, the event is sure to capture the imagination of the galactic community.  
  
# Nascent Starport Targeted by Pirates  
  
3301-10-29   
  
Last week, the Explorers' Association announced plans to construct a starport in the Pleiades Nebula, and issued an appeal for resources. The response to the request was positive and work on the station superstructure is now underway. With the project poised to enter its second phase, the Explorers' Association has issued another request, this time for assistance of a more practical kind:  
  
"We were delighted with the response to our appeal, and are thrilled that our dream of building an Ocellus starport in the Pleiades Nebula is finally becoming a reality. Projects of this sort are bound to attract opportunists, however, and unfortunately ours is no exception. Pirates have begun congregating in the Kaushpoos system, preying on the traders and contractors travelling to and from the construction site. Fortunately, we anticipated such an eventuality, and set aside a cash reserve specifically for the reimbursement of bounty hunters. Experienced combat pilots are invited to come to the Kaushpoos system and help deal with these troublemakers. We are also in need of palladium for the next phase of the construction, so those who prefer trade to combat can also contribute to this exciting project.  
  
Pilots who want to participate in the operation are encouraged to travel to the Kaushpoos system.  
  
# Garrison Supplies Found in Criminal Hands  
  
3301-10-29   
  
Numerous civil wars have been fought between criminal groups and system governments throughout Imperial space over the past month, and corrupt governments and cartels have been overthrown in many instances. Investigations into the conflicts have uncovered disturbing connections, as many confiscated weapons and munitions bear serial numbers of garrison supplies stockpiled in the Guathiti system.  
  
Evidence currently points to growing corruption in the Delta Doradus region. Disturbing correlations can be drawn between this lawless activity and the Kumo Crew's influence in systems they seek to overthrow. Imperial investigators have been despatched.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# CIRG Researcher Addresses Artefact Developments  
  
3301-10-29   
  
The Voice of Varati recently interviewed the lead researcher at the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, Commander RedWizzard:  
  
"We know that the UA's Morse-transmission behaviour is evolving. It's almost as if somebody is pushing buttons to trigger different behaviours. It's very strange.  
  
"We've also observed that they're spreading at an alarming rate over a huge volume of space. We learned a while ago that UAs seem to align themselves towards Merope in the Pleiades, and there is evidence that the systems containing UAs form a 'shell' around Merope at distances between 135 and 150 light years. Current estimates place the potential number of UAs in this region at thousands – possibly even tens of thousands.  
  
"This undeniable explosion in numbers is worrying, and we don't yet know its significance. But rest assured that we're working hard, and we hope to have some conclusions soon.  
  
RedWizzard also commented on the return of Professor Ishmael Palin to active UA research:  
  
"It's great to see him back in the game, and we wish him the best of luck. We also hope he might have some insight into this 'shell' phenomenon. Why this pattern? Why so many UAs? And where are they coming from?  
  
"Our research is open to all, including Professor Palin. We hope he will reciprocate our openness.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-10-31   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 5,088 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Niflhel Guardians of Tradition  
  
BD+53 912 for Equality  
  
Bast Holdings  
  
Kraunaha Interstellar  
  
Vanayequi Independents  
  
Apalar Labour  
  
Sicusha Gold General Services  
  
Ngauna Incorporated  
  
Dilgariang Confederacy  
  
Lungundani PLC  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Armed Intruders Apprehended at Christian Dock  
  
3301-11-02   
  
Security personnel at Christian Dock in the Nganji System have successfully apprehended a group of armed interlopers, it has been confirmed. The intruders, who were reported to be in possession of personal weapons classed as illegal in several systems, are being detained while they await preliminary sentencing.  
  
Jason Treeves, Head of Security at Christian Dock, had the following to say:  
  
"The trespassers managed to disable our frontline security system, but apparently they didn't realise we had an array of secondary sensors, and they triggered the alarm. A response team was scrambled to their location, and my men succeeded in subduing the intruders with a minimum of fuss. A full investigation into how these men were able to bypass our security systems is now underway.  
  
Readers will no doubt recall that Christian Dock is also the centre of Professor Ishmael Palin's research into the unknown artefacts discovered earlier this year. Treeves refused to comment on a possible connection between the security breach and Professor Palin's research, but a civilian source at Christian Dock said:  
  
"I have it on good authority they were caught trying to break into Palin's laboratory, and I heard they had incendiary explosives, too. I wouldn't be surprised to discover they were trying to destroy the lab and the UAs.  
  
# Trouble in Varati  
  
3301-11-02   
  
Following reports of technical problems in the 64 Arietis and Warkushanui systems, news of similar problems at Bond Hub in the Varati system are beginning to emerge. Stana Chapple, an engineer at Bond Hub, confirmed that the starport was experiencing technical difficulties:  
  
"Yeah, we've had a few system malfunctions and power failures – the same sort of problems the folks at Weyn Dock are dealing with. We haven't figured out the cause, but we're looking into it now. Still, the problems aren't too severe, so I'm optimistic we'll have things running smoothly soon.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-11-03   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,532 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Butors Empire Pact  
  
Movement for Ross 1051 Confederacy  
  
Munfayl Labour   
  
Anemoi Noblement  
  
Dukes of Milcenu  
  
Union of Njunmin Free  
  
Law Party of MCC 858  
  
LHS 3505 Services  
  
Bureau of Bodb Dearg Flag  
  
Kipsigines Vision Partners  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,657 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Autocracy of LTT 16764  
  
Partnership of Skaoismont  
  
G 69-11 Co-op  
  
Workers of Skeggiko O Labour  
  
El Tio Empire Party  
  
Groombridge 1618 Inc  
  
Jeterait Bridge Interstellar  
  
Green Party of HIP 103138  
  
Lumanans Confederacy  
  
BPM 590 Creative Network  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-11-04   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-11-04   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Treasure Hunt Comes to an End  
  
3301-11-04   
  
The treasure hunt organised by the billionaire and philanthropist Alfred Jeffress has come to an end, with a pilot by the name of Commander Woodhouse claiming victory. Hundreds of people took part in the competition, but ultimately there could only be one victor.  
  
As with Jeffress's previous treasure hunt, competitors were required to solve a series of riddles to find the mystery objects at the centre of the search – a trio of time capsules. The clues took pilots first to Slipher Hub in the Faust 68 system, then to Dickensport in Fomalhaut, and finally to the Cernunnos system.  
  
When the winner was announced, Alfred Jeffress released the following statement:  
  
"I wish to extend my sincere congratulations to the winner. You will receive your prizes soon! As for the other competitors, I would once again like to encourage them to remain hopeful – there will be another Jeffress treasure hunt, and next time the winner could be you!  
  
# Cayutorme Syndicate Seeks Support  
  
3301-11-04   
  
Imperial investigators have confirmed ties between Archon Delaine's Kumo Crew and the mercenary group known as the Cayutorme Syndicate. This partnership brings disturbing context to the civil unrest currently affecting Cayutorme, as well as the syndicate's rapid rise to power.  
  
The leader of the Cayutorme Syndicate, Kyle Kurowski, is now trying to encourage mercenaries to join his already-imposing armada:  
  
"It is no great surprise that the Empire would attempt to strong-arm an independent system within its territory. Our navy is capable of handling an Imperial task force, but we nevertheless would like to increase our numbers. Any independent pilots willing to help us repel the impending invasion will be compensated richly, and granted access to high-class outfitting.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Empire  
  
# Positive Response to Explorers' Association Request  
  
3301-11-04   
  
The Explorers' Association has released a statement confirming that the pirates operating in the Kaushpoos system have been eliminated. Hundreds of pilots responded to the organisation's appeal, taking to their ships to battle the agitators disrupting the assembly of Kaushpoos's new Ocellus starport and deliver palladium for use in its construction. A spokesperson for the Explorers' Association released a brief statement:  
  
"By coming to the aid of this important initiative, the galactic community has once again demonstrated its belief in the value of this starport. The Explorers' Association extends its sincere gratitude to all those who helped to rid the Kaushpoos system of pirates, and also to those who delivered palladium for the next phase of construction. Thanks to you, we can continue with our work.  
  
A further statement is expected from the Explorers' Association soon, announcing its third and final public appeal for resources.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-11-05   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,324 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Ceronir Exchange  
  
Movement for Kambila Labour  
  
Sun Takush Power PLC  
  
HIP 38422 Legal Co  
  
LHS 5072 Network  
  
CD-34 9020 Purple General Net  
  
Revolutionary Capukanga Progressive Party  
  
Black Birds Consilium  
  
LHS 3437 Coalition  
  
Munshin Allied PLC  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Duelling Narratives in Cayutorme Conflict  
  
3301-11-05   
  
The deadline for the inspection and disbandment of the mercenary Cayutorme Syndicate fleet has passed, and Imperial Naval vessels have entered the Cayutorme system. Speaking from an undisclosed location, the leader of the Cayutorme Syndicate, Kyle Kurowski, confirmed that his mercenary armada had engaged the Imperial Fleet, but denied reports that independent pilots were fighting for both sides: "Independent pilots are just that – independent. They will not be the tool the Emperor uses to turn us into Imperial citizens. If they stand for freedom, they stand with us.  
  
The Imperial war chest has been opened for any independent pilots who want to help the Imperial cause. Admiral Lucius Lavigny, the Emperor's second cousin, stated:  
  
"We know that Commanders pledged to the Empire will fight to maintain law and order, and we urge other Commanders to do the same. If these miscreants are permitted to continue with their activities, more systems will suffer.  
  
Commander Quade and Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Empire  
  
# Sirius Corporation Programme Begins Today  
  
3301-11-05   
  
Following a recent statement from Sirius Corporation announcing its intention to revitalise several newly acquired star systems, the company has launched an initiative to boost the economy of HIP 8396. At the heart of the initiative is a request for osmium, which Sirius Corp hopes will serve as a fillip for the system's financial rejuvenation. Li Yong-Rui, the CEO of the Sirius Corp., was quoted as saying:  
  
"The people of HIP 8396 are part of the Sirius Corporation family, but if we are to help our compatriots, we will need help ourselves. So I implore all galactic citizens to contribute to this initiative, and bring a new era of peace and prosperity to HIP 8396.  
  
# Epsilon Indi Hosts Summit Conference  
  
3301-11-05   
  
London Relay in the Epsilon Indi system is to host a summit conference focusing on terrorism and galactic security. Representatives from the Empire, the Federation and the Alliance are all expected to attend the three-day event, which begins next week. Topics for discussion are expected to include Emperor's Dawn and the ongoing conflict in the Pegasi Sector.  
  
As preparations for the event begin, Federal authorities have raised concerns about an organisation based at London Relay known as 'Revolution Incorporated'. According to authorities, the group has announced its intention to commemorate the Gunpowder Plot – a historic incident dating from Earth's distant past – with "a special event" due to coincide with the summit. Although the precise nature of the event has not been revealed, authorities are nevertheless uneasy:  
  
"It's entirely possible that the organisation's intentions are benign, but since we know so little about it, and given its publicized intention to commemorate an attack on the state, we are obligated to investigate.  
  
The Federal spokesperson was asked to confirm reports that the group also plans to issue an open contract for explosives, but said only: "we can neither confirm nor deny such reports".  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Gutamaya Shipyards to Reinstate Restrictions  
  
3301-11-06   
  
Last month, Gutamaya Shipyards marked Arissa Lavigny-Duval's coronation by temporarily lifting the rank-related restrictions on all Imperial ships. With the official coronation period now over, the company has announced that the restrictions on its ships will be reinstated on Monday.  
  
# Mavia Kain Announces Galactic Games  
  
3301-11-06   
  
Mavia Kain, High Inquisitor of the Imperial Inquisition, has formally announced the upcoming Galactic Games for Charity. The games will take place between the 13th and 15th of November 3301 in support of the Princess Margaret Cancer Foundation. A general amnesty will be declared in the Brestla system over the weekend.  
  
The headline event is the Galactic 'Top Gun' Championship, in which pilots from across the galaxy will compete for a prize of 200 million credits. Commanders wishing to participate are invited to visit Roed Oodergaard Port in the Brestla system between 18.00 on Friday the 13th of November and 06.00 on Saturday the 14th of November. The final will be held on Sunday at 20.00.  
  
The weekend will culminate with the first ever 'Elite Hunger Games', in which 24 commanders will compete in a no-holds-barred fight to the death in Mk III Vipers.  
  
Commander djtruthsayer  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-11-06   
  
Zachary Hudson's approval rating reached unprecedented heights this week. Federal fleets secured four strategic systems, bringing the total number of Republican control systems to 75. These new bases of operation include G 250-34, UBV 15076, Aornum, and DP Camelopardalis. As the fleet continues to grow, spurred on by CQC recruitment drives, it is likely that even more systems will fall under the protection of the Federal Navy.  
  
Edmund Mahon welcomed the people of BD+66 696 and 3 Upsilon Ophiuchi into the Alliance fold. The Prime Minister is busy with negotiations in the Sabikami system this week. Despite some minor setbacks, the Alliance economy remains strong.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval recovered from the recent dissatisfaction of seven disgruntled systems, and poured more garrison supplies than ever before into systems scattered throughout her domain. Though not every system received a full allocation, they still produced a substantial command capital reserve.  
  
Li Yong-Rui led Sirius to another successful week. The acquisitions of HIP 14886 and Ticua helped to elevate the corporation's financial rating, and with substantial capital reserves even after the most recent acquisitions, Sirius is poised to continue its growth.  
  
Felicia Winters led the Liberal party out of turmoil this week with a redoubling of Federal aid distribution. Lumbla's concerns were assuaged and the Xiriwal system pledged its support to Shadow President Winters. With a substantial reserve of command capital, the coming weeks will likely see even more systems join the Liberal party.  
  
Aisling Duval's popularity index fell dramatically this week as she faced above-average opposition. Three systems have expressed dissatisfaction and announced a possible withdrawal of support to the People's Princess.  
  
Zemina Torval's enterprises purchased controlling interests in Ac Yax Baru and He Pola this week. As long as funding remains available, there will be additional acquisitions during the coming week. Some acquisitions may prove to be bad investments for the senator's enterprises.  
  
Denton Patreus balanced his budget almost perfectly for the second week in a row. This means the Senator has no opportunities to prepare or expand his influence into new territory. Instead, his fleets are freed up to fortify his territory or partake in offensive actions.   
  
Archon Delaine crushed resistance from the system governments of Quikindji, Kui Xing, Bhattra, and Wikanawal in a massive surge of activity this week. Imperial fleets were overwhelmed, but managed to repulse the Kumo Crew from Imperial territory in Dhak and Bipera, while other freedom fighters protected Medzistha. With further insurrections already erupting, it looks like the Kumo Crew will establish more strongholds this week.  
  
Pranav Antal's administration was faced with a difficult choice this week, as evidence of unacceptable behaviour was uncovered in seven enclave systems. Moral Enforcer Zaan addressed the issue in this statement: "Social malignancy will not be tolerated, and will be excised for the good of all who live within Utopia. Systems deemed irrevocably tainted will be divested from Utopian space, with virtuous citizens given safe passage to new homes in other Utopian communes.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-11-07   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 5,833 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Social Savii Confederacy   
  
Social Seguaje Confederacy  
  
Samkyha State Network   
  
Cygni Independents  
  
Choth Gold Drug Empire  
  
Social Kurutsi Alliance  
  
Misthajani Commodities  
  
Confederation of Medu  
  
HIP 21821 Empire Assembly  
  
Cofalyawa Incorporated  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Frontline Report: Cayutorme  
  
3301-11-09   
  
Imperial forces have begun their offensive against the Cayutorme Syndicate and its illegal fleet. Large clashes have occurred over the past few days, and major victories have been won by the forces of the Imperial Navy and its auxiliary force of Commanders.  
  
The Cayutorme Syndicate fleet has put up a good fight, but has been met with overwhelming force. At the time of writing the fight is in a bit of a lull, with only minor skirmishes going on, as the Syndicate begins to deploy reinforcements. If things continue as they have, the Syndicate fleet may have to surrender or face total destruction at the hands of the Imperial Navy.  
  
Commander Jack Hilding  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-11-10   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,036 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Amenniya Bureau  
  
LTT 874 Empire Party  
  
Maeve Noblement  
  
Nyanmil Crimson Partnership  
  
Yerava Crimson Life Commodities  
  
LTT 6043 Law Party  
  
Slavisc Crimson Natural Limited  
  
Bommatsuri Emperor's Grace  
  
Calhuacan Empire Party  
  
Rabh Empire Pact  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,076 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
United Ys Left Party  
  
Kunggul Ltd  
  
HIP 73244 Systems  
  
Forculus Citizen Party  
  
Xhosag Purple Brothers  
  
Giabaing Emperor's Grace  
  
Raiders of HIP 3142  
  
Union of LHS 1794 Confederation  
  
Eximo Universal Co  
  
BPM 72121 State Limited  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-11-11   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-11-11   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Increased Smuggling Activity in Epsilon Indi  
  
3301-11-11   
  
Authorities in the Epsilon Indi system have reported a dramatic increase in smuggling over the past week. Station personnel at London Relay – believed to be the focus of the smuggling activity – declined to provide specifics, but an anonymous source at the starport said:  
  
"Apparently a group called 'Revolution Incorporated' put out a request for explosives, which is why there's been a spike. Of course, the station authorities don't want people to know the station is full of explosives, especially with the summit conference starting soon, but I gather the response to the request was pretty enthusiastic.  
  
The Federal Times approached Revolution Incorporated for a response to this statement, but received only a brief, cryptic reply:  
  
"People have started to forget about old Guy and his friends. We think it's time someone reminded them.  
  
# Order Restored to Cayutorme  
  
3301-11-11   
  
After several days of fighting between Imperial forces and the mercenaries of the Cayutorme Syndicate, order has been restored to the Cayutorme system. With the mercenary fleet defeated, the leaders of the Cayutorme Syndicate have petitioned for a ceasefire. Kyle Kurowski, the leader of the organisation, has not been seen since hostilities began.  
  
Speaking from Adkins Port, Admiral Lucius Lavigny praised the Commanders who fought for the Empire:  
  
"This conflict would have lasted much longer without the support of independent Commanders of the Pilots Federation. The Empire thanks them for their efforts.  
  
Admiral Lavigny also announced that all captured mercenary vessels would be sold at Adkins Port in Cayutorme, at a heavy discount. Value-minded buyers are already gathering.  
  
Commander Quade and Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-11-12   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,268 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Inupiates Patrons of Law  
  
Ngandins Holdings  
  
Pibe Legal Industry  
  
New HIP 18187 Flag  
  
HIP 20199 Empire League  
  
Test2 Network  
  
Natural HIP 21559 Autocracy  
  
Osans Blue Netcoms Services  
  
Orobu Public Corporation  
  
Values Party of OR Delphini  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Starport Project Enters Final Phase  
  
3301-11-12   
  
Two weeks ago, the Explorers' Association began work on a new Ocellus starport in the Pleiades Nebula. The project received financial support from the Brewer Corporation and Universal Cartographics, which offered generous premiums to traders providing essential materials for the construction. Now, with the bulk of the work complete, the Explorer's Association has announced a third and final appeal for resources:  
  
"Thanks to the hard work and dedication of the galactic community, the new Ocellus starport is almost complete, and we are a hair's breadth from gaining an important foothold in the Pleiades Nebula. All that's needed now is one final push. If you are in a position to help, we implore you to do so. This is your last chance to be a part of this historic project.  
  
Pilots who want to contribute to the campaign are invited to deliver Computer Components to Neville Horizons in the Kaushpoos system.  
  
# Sirius Corporation Programme Begins Today  
  
3301-11-12   
  
Following a recent statement from Sirius Corporation announcing its intention to revitalise several newly acquired star systems, the company has launched an initiative to boost the economy of HIP 8396. At the heart of the initiative is a request for osmium, which Sirius Corp. hopes will serve as a fillip for the system's financial rejuvenation. Li Yong-Rui, the CEO of the Sirius Gov., was quoted as saying:  
  
"The people of HIP 8396 are part of the Sirius Corporation family, but if we are to help our compatriots, we will need help ourselves. So I implore all galactic citizens to contribute to this initiative, and bring a new era of peace and prosperity to HIP 8396.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-11-13   
  
Zachary Hudson secured expansions in three systems this week. AF Leporis, DP Camelopardalis, Kaushpoos, and Li Jungu all became bases for the Federation's fleets. AF Leporis has been a point of contention for many weeks due to its strategic location, and will provide a valuable staging point for future operations in the region.   
  
Edmund Mahon welcomed Sabikami and Gui Banni into the Alliance's list of preferred trade partners after successful negotiations were concluded early Thursday morning. News of additional trade agreements is expected in a week's time.  
  
Arissa Lavigny-Duval's Shield of Justice busily distributed garrison supplies to her control systems, ensuring a comfortable command capital reserve for further expansion of Imperial justice. No new systems were added to the Emperor's list of protected systems this week.  
  
Felicia Winters focused primarily on distributing aid packages to systems in need this week. There were no additional systems that pledged their support to the Liberal party, but 41 Lambda Hydrae, Elycoch, and HIP 38747 are currently prime candidates for future Liberal strongholds.  
  
Li Yong-Rui added MET 20 to the Sirius portfolio this week. The coming week brings the promise of potential acquisitions in the T'ien Mu and Dhak systems. Some concern has been expressed about the profitability of recent and future acquisitions, but markets are still trading Sirius stock at a premium.  
  
Aisling Duval experienced both the loss of HIP 116045 and the acquisition of HIP 3603 during the past week, leaving the count of systems in support of the People's Princess at sixty-one. Aisling now enjoys a modest reserve that will allow her to gain favor in at least one more system in the near future.  
  
Zemina Torval acquired controlling assets in Kalana during the past week, increasing the number of systems in her portfolio to fifty-three. Negotiations are currently underway for a potential acquisition of HIP 107936, a system which may prove to be another bad acquisition for the senator's enterprises.  
  
Denton Patreus is running a deficit resulting from last week's high administrative costs that could not be offset by sufficient funds and supplies delivered to local security forces.The size of Patreus' territory is clearly too large for the senator to sustain long-term.  
  
Archon Delaine secured a new stronghold in 10 Kappa Pegasi this week, but Kumo Crew sponsored insurrections in Yu Di Yi and VVO 19 were suppressed. Yuror, an Imperial system near Senator Patreus' territory, appears to be the Pirate Lord's focus this week.  
  
Pranav Antal severed ties with Ahemez, Cao Yankir, HR 17, Kaurukat, Minerva, Takurua, and Xi Wang Mu this week. This purge of enclave systems was the first since Utopia's founding. The burden laid upon Utopian administrators is reportedly lighter this week, and optimism in Polevnic is running high.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-11-14   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 5,880 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
G 139-21 Limited  
  
Confederation of Madngernobo   
  
Brib Gold Legal Limited  
  
Revolutionary Party of Narai  
  
Kekenks Power Inc  
  
Urhodiweu Blue Raiders   
  
Nez Pelliri Gang  
  
Vard Dynasty  
  
Enbilulu Creative Limited  
  
Future of MCC 549  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Market Value of Unknown Artefacts Increases  
  
3301-11-16   
  
The Money Matters news feed has reported that the market value of the mysterious unknown artefacts has dramatically increased. The report neglects to include specific figures, citing the "fluctuating nature" of the market, but does imply that the trade price has seen a significant upswing. According to Money Matters correspondent Roberta Unwin:  
  
"The market value of a commodity can increase over time, of course, but dramatic spikes of this sort tend not to happen without a catalyst. Evidently, someone is paying a great deal for these objects. The question is: who?  
  
# Market Value of Unknown Artefacts Increases  
  
3301-11-16   
  
The Money Matters news feed has reported that the market value of the mysterious unknown artefacts has dramatically increased. The report neglects to include specific figures, citing the "fluctuating nature" of the market, but does imply that the trade price has seen a significant upswing. According to Money Matters correspondent Roberta Unwin:  
  
"The market value of a commodity can increase over time, of course, but dramatic spikes of this sort tend not to happen without a catalyst. Evidently, someone is paying a great deal for these objects. The question is: who?  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-11-17   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,893 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Vash Domain  
  
Lovedu Blue Major Inc  
  
Kratakak Group  
  
Cailli Purple Electronics Org  
  
Polecteri Justice Party  
  
League of Cybele  
  
Giltine Network   
  
Partnership of LTT 9315  
  
Bacap Nobles  
  
Tegidana Liberty Party  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,767 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
NLTT 5871 Shared  
  
Huiche Future  
  
Traditional LTT 7330 League  
  
LHS 2150 Purple Electronics Serv  
  
Kareco Crimson Mob  
  
Paesi Empire Consulate  
  
Independent Raniyan for Equality  
  
Aitvara Industry  
  
League of Turbacobo Conservatives  
  
Cartel of Alacagui  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-11-18   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-11-18   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Sirius Corporation Programme Ends Today  
  
3301-11-18   
  
Last week, the Sirius Corporation launched an initiative to boost the economy of the HIP 8396 system, which was recently brought under its control. The initiative was underpinned by an open contract for osmium, which contractors were asked to deliver to Stepping Stone Base. The response to the appeal was positive, with hundreds of miners taking to their ships to gather resources for the people of HIP 8396. Li Yong-Rui, the CEO of Sirius Corp., expressed his satisfaction at the response:  
  
"The pilots who contributed to this initiative have performed a great service, and proved that the people of this galaxy are motivated as much by altruism as by the promise of reward. We are all humanitarians at heart.  
  
It is expected that the Sirius Corporation will announce the next initiative in its multi-system revitalisation programme soon.  
  
# Explorers' Association Appeal Successful  
  
3301-11-18   
  
The Explorers' Association has announced that the third stage of its ambitious starport project is complete. The materials needed for the final phase of construction have been delivered, and the finishing touches are now being applied to the Kaushpoos system's new Ocellus starport. A spokesperson for the Explorers' Association expressed satisfaction with the result, but stressed that the starport was not yet open for business:  
  
"I want to take this opportunity to thank the many hundreds of independent pilots who supported this project, and helped make our dream a reality. There's still work to do, but we're on schedule to officially open the starport next month. We look forward to seeing you at the opening ceremony!  
  
In keeping with the public-spirited nature of the project, the name of the starport was decided by public vote. The result was 'Obsidian Orbital'.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-11-19   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,304 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Kamas Empire League  
  
Alpha Centauri Liberals  
  
Partnership of Alpha Centauri  
  
New Arti Freedom Party   
  
Parutis Corp.  
  
New HIP 18187 Flag  
  
HIP 18828 Empire Consulate  
  
Wuluang Legal and Co  
  
HIP 18427 Commodities   
  
Kalvante Power Limited  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# More Malfunction Reports  
  
3301-11-19   
  
Over the past month, starports in the Warkushanui, 49 Arietis, 64 Arietis and Varati systems have experienced a raft of mysterious technical issues and malfunctions. Gurragchaa Gateway in Warkushanui has been the worst affected, and at the time of writing the station remains in a state of partial closure.  
  
As the problems persist, reports of similar – and equally mysterious – issues have arrived from Hinz Hub in the Ngobe system, Tsunenaga Dock in the Iapodes system, and Li Qing Jao in Sol. Precise details are not available, but the problems are understood to be similar to those plaguing Warkushanui, 49 Arietis, 64 Arietis and Varati.  
  
All starports in the affected systems are believed to be fully operational, but if the issues are not addressed soon, closures may be inevitable.  
  
# Faction Issues Appeal for Onionhead  
  
3301-11-19   
  
A faction known as the Drug Empire of Xelabara has issued a request for the controversial narcotic onionhead. The drug was once a significant trade commodity, but it suffered a setback last year when former Federal President Jasmina Halsey declared it illegal in Federal space. Rooney 'Rush' Romero, a spokesperson for the Drug Empire of Xelabara, explained that the appeal is partly intended to revitalise the market:  
  
"The fact is that people want onionhead. The Federation might not like it, but that's their problem – our organisation is well within its rights to establish a trading operation in Xelabara. Trouble is, although we've got the money, we don't have the merchandise. That's why we're offering generous incentives to pilots who deliver onionhead to our base of operations in Xelabara.  
  
The Drug Empire of Xelabara is not believed to be connected to the Farmer's Cooperative of the Kappa Fornacis system, onionhead's main producer. The Federation has not released an official statement concerning the request.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Onionhead Appeal Attracts Pirates  
  
3301-11-19   
  
Reports coming in from the Xelabara system indicate that the recent request from the Drug Empire of Xelabara for onionhead has drawn hundreds of pirates to the system. According to system authorities, the pirates are targeting the traders travelling to and from Navigator Market, the hub of the onionhead operation. Fortunately, the Xelabara Republic Party has promised to reward pilots who help eliminate the pirates. A spokesperson for the Xelabara Republic Party said:  
  
"We suspected the increase in trade activity would attract pirates, so we set aside some privateer bonds for combat pilots to help clear the spaceways. So if you own a combat ship and you know how to use it, get yourself over to Xelabara. We need you!  
  
## Empire  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-11-20   
  
Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval deflected a great deal of opposition in her territory this week, and extended the services of the Shield of Justice to six new systems. Bragit, HR 4720, Juipedi, Kappa, Olelbis, and Tujil were all swept free of criminal activity, and regular patrols were established. Contie, Mbutsi, and NLTT 7856 are the focus of active crime sweeps this week.  
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson established a new base for the Federal fleet in the Picunche system this week, edging the number of bases operated by the Republican party to 79. If all goes well for the Federation President this week, eight additional bases will be opened – a testament to the rapid growth of the Federal Navy.  
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon is currently presiding over a contracting economy, facing the lowest economic rating in nearly three months. Despite the slowing of commerce, the Tikurua system has formalized trade agreements with the Alliance, and now falls under the protection of the Council of Admirals.  
  
Shadow President Felicia Winters secured the support of 41 Lambda Hydrae and HIP 38747 this week, amid some mild controversy. The Shadow President now looks to Kherthaje and Catun for additional support. In an odd turn of events, the Mbutsi system deep in the heart of Winters' territory appears to be courting Imperial favour. Shadow President Winters is reportedly engaged in talks with the local system leaders in an attempt to secure their loyalty.  
  
Sirius Gov CEO Li Yong-Rui finalized a deal to purchase controlling interests in T'ien Mu this week. Economists have expressed concerns about the profitability of future acquisitions, but support for Li Yong-Rui's vision for the future of Sirius remains strong. Sirius now controls 60 key systems.  
  
Senator Aisling Duval maintained the status quo this week – a rarity in the fast-paced world of politics and public opinion. The People's Princess is currently attempting to curry favour with the people of HIP 116045, and has reportedly been warmly received in the system.  
  
Senator Zemina Torval has finalized contracts that brought the infrastructure of HIP 107936 into her portfolio. Next week, the senator's list of new acquisitions could include Yimanbin. Should this system become a part of her enterprise, her influence will encompass 55 systems.  
  
Pirate Lord Archon Delaine humiliated the Imperial expeditionary forces this week by overthrowing the Imperial system of Yuror. Captured Yurorian leaders were put to the sword and their families were paraded through Harma in shackles. A thinly veiled threat was broadcast to the Empire following the conquest of Yuror: "A person only has the rights they can hold on to".  
  
Utopian Leader Pranav Antal has led his people to prosperity following previous weeks of turmoil. A vastly reduced administrative burden has made it possible for Utopia to amass resources sufficient to ensure the vision of Utopia will spread once more through civilized space.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus finds himself in dire straits this week. Nearly a year of his popular zero-taxation policy, combined with months of combined pressure from Emperor's Dawn and the advances of the Kumo Crew, have worn down the Senator's fleets. The senator's forces have withdrawn from Utgaroar, and may soon withdraw from 47 Ceti.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-11-21   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 5,942 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
HIP 44387 Free  
  
Gladutjin for Equality  
  
No Choen Autocracy  
  
Chorote Blue Creative PLC  
  
Crimson Natural Systems  
  
Workers of Kameni Partnership  
  
Albangait Creative Network  
  
Fintan Empire Group  
  
Louguala Systems  
  
Alliance of Padhbh  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-11-24   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,685 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
LTT 6830 Partners  
  
NLTT 6667 Republic Party  
  
Partnership of LTT 6710  
  
Tirfing Natural Organisation  
  
LHS 3022 Pirates  
  
Quan Gurus Crimson Public Ltd  
  
Grovichun Gold Netcoms Inc  
  
Ross 154 Vision Partners  
  
Freedom Party of HIP 110205  
  
Bureau of Zosian Tse  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,592 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Citizen Party of LP 542-33  
  
Order of Juan  
  
Bureau of Andvaroges Justice Party  
  
Co-op of Ross 523  
  
Macalites Democrats  
  
Aku Gold Family  
  
Quikindji Independents  
  
Dakshu Partners  
  
Mullag Solutions  
  
Revolutionary Balatu Progressive Party  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-11-25   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Services Suspended at Gaiman Dock and Weyn Dock  
  
3301-11-25   
  
Authorities in the 64 Arietis system have confirmed that station services at Weyn Dock have been suspended due to ongoing technical issues at the starport. The announcement came within an hour of a similar statement from 49 Arietis, where it was confirmed that station services had also been suspended at Gaiman Dock. Shipyards at both starports are still understood to be accessible.   
  
Meanwhile, the Arawere system has become the latest to be affected by the mysterious malfunctions, with Korolyov Hub experiencing similar issues to those plaguing starports in Warkushanui, 49 Arietis, 64 Arietis, Varati, Ngobe, Iapodes and Sol.  
  
Technical teams at the affected starports are working around the clock to determine the cause of the malfunctions, and scientists across the galaxy, including those of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, are desperately trying to find a solution to the problem, but so far no progress has been made.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-11-25   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Onionhead Appeal Successful  
  
3301-11-25   
  
The Drug Empire of Xelabara has announced that its appeal for onionhead has been successful. According to Rooney 'Rush' Romero, a spokesperson for the Drug Empire of Xelabara, the faction has received significant quantities of the controversial narcotic over the past week:  
  
"This just goes to show that the demand for onionhead is a strong as ever, despite the Federation's attempts to quash it. I want to say a big thank you to all the traders who made the journey to Xelabara, and to all the pilots who helped clear the pirates from our spaceways. You guys rock!  
  
Romero announced that all those who contributed to the appeal could collect their rewards from Navigator Market in Xelabara.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-11-26   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,500 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Nurundere Flag  
  
Natural Nurundere First  
  
Onyaks Patron's Principles  
  
Amphisatsu Industries  
  
Co-op of LHS 3343  
  
Revolutionary Furuhjelm II-432 Alliance  
  
Samen Citizens' Forum  
  
70 Ophiuchi Progressive Party  
  
LP 417-213 Organisation  
  
Independent Pichanto Alliance  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# CIRG Sends Scientists to Bond Hub  
  
3301-11-26   
  
Mere hours after the Canonn Interstellar Research Group defeated the Labour of Varati in the recent Bond Hub election, more than fifty CIRG scientists arrived at Bond Hub from Thompson Dock. The scientists were accompanied by tonnes of equipment, which has been installed in makeshift labs. Professor D Luffy, lead scientist for the team, explained what was happening:  
  
"First, we thank the residents of Bond Hub for calling for this election, voting for us, and allowing us to continue our work on the Unknown Artefacts. We have pledged to investigate the station malfunctions that have dominated the news in recent weeks, and since Bond is also affected we have an opportunity to put it at the heart of our research.  
  
"Our teams have started monitoring the malfunctions side-by-side with UAs brought from the Merope shell, so we can determine the exact nature of the UAs' relationship to these malfunctions.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# Master Chefs Coming to Market  
  
3301-11-26   
  
Last month, a remarkable story emerged from the Noti system. According to an anonymous report, an organisation known as the Revolutionary Noti Values Party had created a new strain of slave labour known as 'the Master Chefs'. The unidentified whistleblower claimed the slaves were subjected to an intensive training programme designed to transform them into the galaxy's greatest gourmets – a claim dismissed by many as an imaginative hoax. A subsequent report from the Federal Times of a Master Chef training facility at Weber Gateway went some way towards lending credibility to the story, but most people remained unconvinced.  
  
The sceptics were proved wrong, however, when the Revolutionary Noti Values Party announced that not only were the Master Chefs real, they would soon be available for purchase. The announcement invoked the ire of human rights activists, who condemned the allegedly inhuman practices employed in training the Master Chefs. But this did little to deter consumers from placing advance orders for the epicurean slaves.  
  
Now, the Revolutionary Noti Values Party has announced that it intends to further improve the efficacy of its gastronomic labourers by implanting a comprehensive compendium of culinary knowledge directly into their cerebellums. A spokesperson for the organisation said:  
  
"By embedding this knowledge directly in a slave's brain, we can ensure total data integration and retention, which when combined with the slave's inherent culinary ability will result in unmatched gastronomic efficacy. These guys will be able to make a bacon sandwich fit for a king.  
  
The Revolutionary Noti Values Party concluded its announcement with a public appeal for Xihe Companions, which it will combine with the latest holographic technology to create the implants. The group has promised to give generous rewards to pilots who deliver the necessary materials.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-11-28   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,619 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Independent Fer Doira Democrats  
  
WISE 0855-0714 Coalition  
  
Birjoromi Partners  
  
Shanteneri Freedom Party  
  
Daesitiates Inc  
  
Telliocani Imperial Society  
  
Olwain Liberals  
  
HIP 61816 Nationals  
  
Ovid Democrats  
  
New ADS 10035 Progressive Party  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Rescue Ships to be Given Bold New Livery  
  
3301-11-29   
  
A joint initiative from the Pilots Federation and the Fuel Rats has resulted in a distinctive new colour scheme for search-and-rescue vessels. The livery has been designed to assist with the instant recognition of friendly rescue ships, thereby minimising unintentional attacks and soothing the nerves of those in need of rescue.  
  
The unique colour scheme was created by a member of the Fuel Rats Mischief, an auxiliary of the celebrated volunteer-run rescue service. The designer, who goes by the name of Commander Father Cool, originally intended the livery to be used by the Fuel Rats, but ultimately the Pilots Federation decided it would be more suitable as a colour scheme for dedicated search-and-rescue vessels.  
  
The new paint scheme will soon be seen on search-and-rescue ships throughout inhabited space.  
  
## Federation  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-12-01   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,743 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Integrated Mandins  
  
Armotai Pro-Independent Party  
  
LFT 1231 Group  
  
Cailli Purple Electronics Org  
  
New Jibitoq Nationalists   
  
Mob of Lokapuri  
  
G 35-15 Interstellar  
  
Gliese 9043 Bridge Services  
  
Nobles of TT 58343  
  
Wolf 620 Legal Incorporated  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,571 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Union of Akonito Future  
  
Valkindan Crimson Electronics Co  
  
Macalites Democrats  
  
Eximo Universal Co  
  
Ga Okya Natural Network  
  
Ngurungo Gang  
  
LHS 64 Silver Federal Industry  
  
Caledo Empire Assembly  
  
Soniteru Imperial Society  
  
LTT 17156 Travel Industries  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-12-02   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-12-02   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# Appeal for Xihe Companions comes to an End  
  
3301-12-02   
  
The Revolutionary Noti Values Party has announced that its request for Xihe Companions has been successful. The organisation issued the appeal last week as part of an initiative to improve its so-called 'Master Chefs' – a special strain of slave labour specifically designed to serve as culinary workers. According to a spokesperson for the group, the Xihe Companions will be used to develop implants that will give the slaves access to every known recipe and culinary technique.  
  
The creation of the Master Chefs has angered human-rights campaigners, which have accused the Revolutionary Noti Values Party of inhuman practices. The campaigners have cited a Federal Times report in which it was claimed that the slaves were subjected to "the most punishing, dehumanising training imaginable". The organisation was approached for comment, but responded only with an image of its shareholders laughing uproariously while drinking cocktails.  
  
The Master Chefs will be available for purchase before the end of the year.  
  
# Services Suspended at Korolyov Hub  
  
3301-12-02   
  
Officials at Korolyov Hub in the Arawere system have reported that the technical issues affecting the starport have intensified, prompting them to suspend all station services. The starport's shipyard is still accessible, however.  
  
Meanwhile, malfunctions have been reported in a number of previously unaffected systems, prompting speculation that the galaxy may be the grip of a fast-spreading technological virus. The affected starports are:  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok system  
  
Ray Gateway, Diaguandri system  
  
Vizcaino Enterprise, Nganji system  
  
Talos 2, Peregrina system  
  
Carter Port, Rhea system  
  
Scientists and engineers across the galaxy are actively investigating the issue, searching with increasing desperation for a solution, but at the time of writing no significant progress has been made.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-12-03   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,697 minor factions holding elections:  
  
LHS 480 Vision Commodities  
  
Keltim Empire League  
  
Xuanduna Imperial Society  
  
Mandal Solutions  
  
Damnet Transport Organisation  
  
Binbara Netcoms Industry  
  
Bhutas Group  
  
HIP 76747 Movement  
  
Lalande 4268 First  
  
Burigo Co  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Emperor's Dawn Base Discovered in Federation Space  
  
3301-12-03   
  
It has been over a month since the Empire won a decisive victory against the insurgent organisation Emperor's Dawn by destroying its outposts in the Namarii, Tabaldak and LTT 874 systems. The victory prompted Imperial Senator Denton Patreus to declare that "Emperor's Dawn is no longer a threat", but now it seems the organisation may merely have been driven underground.  
  
According to the Federal Criminal Investigations agency, Emperor's Dawn has established a base in the Federation-controlled system of Kausalya – an announcement that is sure to dishearten Senator Patreus. The reason for the insurgents' infringement is not known, but military analysts have speculated that, given the system's proximity to Empire-controlled space, the insurrectionists may attempt to use Kausalya as a staging ground for attacks against the Empire. Zachary Hudson, the President of the Federation, was quick to respond to the news:  
  
"Perhaps the terrorists think our distaste for the Empire is so great, we will tolerate their presence in our space. Perhaps they thought we simply wouldn't notice their incursion. In any case, they are wrong, and they have made a costly mistake. We will mete out such punishment that the very fires of hell will seem but guttering candles in comparison. Emperor's Dawn is about to learn what it means to cross the Federation.  
  
President Hudson confirmed that he has authorised the payment of privateer bonds to pilots who help the Federation combat Emperor's Dawn. He concluded his address with the words: "Federation pilots – to your ships! We have work to do.  
  
## Federation  
  
## Empire  
  
# Explorer's Association Appeals for Exploration Data  
  
3301-12-03   
  
Every week, hundreds of pilots plunge into unexplored regions of space to gather valuable information on previously uncharted star systems. And with every expedition, our knowledge of the cosmos increases.  
  
Few organisations have a better appreciation of the value of this information than the Explorer's Association, which today issued a public appeal for exploration data. A spokesperson for the association released a brief statement:  
  
"There is always a demand for fresh data, both within the commercial sector and among the galaxy's various geopolitical entities. On this occasion, the request has been issued on behalf of several private concerns that are in need of accurate, up-to-date information. Any pilots who contribute to this initiative will be generously rewarded.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-12-04   
  
Federal President Zachary Hudson resolved problems in his supply chain this week, and ensured the Federal Navy's bases received sufficient supplies. An increase in naval funding has also come through, which will soon allow the Federal Navy to establish a presence in new systems. The Emperor's Dawn cell discovered in Kausalya, less than 50 light years from Sol, will surely face heavy Federal opposition this week.  
  
Alliance Prime Minister Edmund Mahon has calmed concerns about a potential collapse in financial markets that struck both Sirius Gov and Torval's enterprises. Though trade has been impacted, with no new trade agreements secured during the past week, the Alliance's economic future appears stable at this time.  
  
Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval oversaw a tremendous fortification effort this week, protecting a substantial command capital reserve for future use. Shield of Justice patrols were not established in any new systems, but given the current surplus of resources, new systems will likely be able to subscribe to the security service in coming weeks.  
  
Shadow President Felicia Winters had a relatively quiet week. A great deal of effort was poured into preparing the way for potential extensions of the Liberal party's holdings, and the Shadow President now looks to bring Kherthaje, HIP 47328, and Amuzgo into the Liberal fold.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval is currently dealing with the potential withdrawal of support from Woyo Mina and Kanuket. Leaders in both systems have allegedly rejected the Princess's closely held values. It is unclear at this time whether Aisling will respond publicly to the news.  
  
Sirius Gov CEO Li Yong-Rui led the corporation through what appeared to be a normal week, but difficulty in financial markets has led to a troubling deficit in Sirius's budget, causing three systems in the portfolio to fall into a state of turmoil. If Sirius is able to return to a state of solvency, the acquisition of Dheneb will go ahead as planned this week.  
  
Senator Zemina Torval was similarly affected by financial trouble this week. The senator's enterprises have become heavily laden with systems that simply do not turn a profit. For Torval to succeed in the future, she will need to divest herself of many of these deficit-causing systems.  
  
Pirate Lord Archon Delaine's horde overwhelmed the beleaguered defence forces in Dhak following the third attempt to conquer the system. The Kumo Crew appears to be gaining momentum and crushing Imperial opposition. It is believed that Archon Delaine now has a vast reserve of command capital, with which he could easily establish additional strongholds in weeks to come.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus balanced his budget by a narrow margin, as opposition to his goals reached levels that have not been seen for over ten weeks. Despite this, fortifications held against incursions into the senator's territory, making further cutbacks unnecessary for the time being.  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal led a monumental effort to extend Utopia this week, but this Utopian outreach was sharply opposed, sending one Utopian system into a state of turmoil. Contie, a system over 150 light years from Polevnic, and Medzistha, a system nearly 140 light years from Polevnic, are entertaining Utopian representatives this week.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# The Canonn Calls for Halt to Artefact Sales  
  
3301-12-04   
  
The Voice of Varati today received a statement from Dr Arcanonn of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group:  
  
"As news of further station malfunctions spreads, I urge all those who have been selling Unknown Artefacts to stop doing so immediately, to avoid any further station shutdowns.  
  
"There is a strong positive correlation between the stations experiencing faults and the sale of UAs at those stations. Our own observations at Bond Hub in Varati support this: the artefacts appear to affect stations in the same way they affect ships, with potentially disastrous consequences.  
  
"Given these findings, we are deeply troubled by the surge in value of UAs across the black market, which clearly led to this increase in sales. Who caused this increase? Did they know the effect it would have?  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-12-05   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,828 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Confederacy of Wadjabangai  
  
HIP 5623 Empire Group  
  
Imhoth Silver Fortune Services  
  
Bridi Systems  
  
Union of Sheroo Partnership  
  
The Dark Armada  
  
HIP 23824 Empire Party  
  
Zac Cechaqu Commodities  
  
Pardian Commodities  
  
Nummitra Citizens' Forum  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Gutamaya Shipyards Announces the Imperial Fighter  
  
3301-12-06   
  
In September, Gutamaya Shipyards released a new version of the enduringly popular Eagle. This month, the company has announced the launch of a new fighter designed specifically for the CQC Championship – the Imperial Fighter. Gutamaya has said that the small, manoeuvrable vessel will be ideally suited to close-quarters dogfights, and more than capable of going toe-to-toe with other CQC fighters.  
  
As befits a ship created with the CQC Championship in mind, the Imperial Fighter offers a delicate balance of defence, firepower and manoeuvrability. The ship is more agile than the F63 Condor, which offers a similar spread of features, although it lacks the Condor's speed and hull strength. In terms of firepower, the Imperial Fighter matches the Condor with two small hardpoints.  
  
The Imperial Fighter's specifications are not the only important factor, however. According the ship's designer, Pascal Roux, the vessel was created as a tribute to the late Emperor, Hengist Duval. In an interview with the Imperial Herald, Roux said: "What I admired most about the Emperor was his balance of elegance and strength, and the fighter represents my attempt to reflect those qualities.  
  
The Imperial Fighter is due to be released for use in the CQC Championships in December, and will go on general sale in early 3302.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-12-08   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,752 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Imperial Law Party  
  
Phra Shenty Silver Energy Co  
  
Pijan Independent Union  
  
Marson One  
  
Partnership of Mwamba  
  
G 139-50 Blue United Corporation  
  
169 G. Canis Majoris Jet Natural  
  
Thule Boys  
  
Namaka Services  
  
Natural Contien Movement  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,591 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Ghede Blue Mafia  
  
Vertumnus Liberals  
  
Movement for Jaunera Values Party  
  
Union of Pyemsito Future  
  
Har Ibori Coordinated  
  
Lokapuri Dynasty  
  
LP 424-4 Galactic Company  
  
Ngadandari Exchange  
  
Cartel of Alacagui  
  
HIP 36731 Services  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# The Mischief Mile  
  
3301-12-08   
  
Racers and Fuel Rats have been gathering in the Tepech system for the latest Buckyball Racing Club event: The Mischief Mile.  
  
The race will run from 00:01 GMT on the 5th of December until 23:59 GMT on the 13th of December, beginning at Hooke Hub in Tepech and finishing at Ocampo Station in Mirateje. Participants are required to travel the width of populated space as fast as possible, hitting checkpoints in Fuelum (home of the Fuel Rats Mischief), NLTT 48288 (the most popular place in the galaxy to run out of fuel) and MCC 811.  
  
There are three classes, depending on the ship used in the race: Fuel Rat Regulars, Fuel Rat Crazies, and Bonus Snickers.  
  
Commander Rusticolus  
  
# GalNet Weekly Health Hotspots  
  
3301-12-09   
  
This weekly report typically covers some of the minor factions experiencing significant health issues, such as famine and outbreaks. At the time of writing, however, outbreaks have not been reported among any minor factions.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-12-09   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-12-10   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,707 minor factions holding elections:  
  
Zhongwe Silver Transport Dev  
  
Wolf 424 Future  
  
LHS 3437 Coalition  
  
Independents of Parenni  
  
HIP 24157 Solutions  
  
HIP 103260 Empire Group  
  
HIP 101587 Empire League  
  
Er Longs Electronics Inc  
  
Ienpalang Corporation  
  
Belata Conservatives  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Services Suspended at Carter Port  
  
3301-12-10   
  
Last week, officials at Korolyov Hub in the Arawere system announced the suspension of station services due to ongoing technical issues. Today, personnel at Carter Port in the Rhea system have made a similar announcement, confirming that all services apart from docking and shipyard access have been suspended. This brings the total number of starports closed as a result of the mysterious malfunctions to six.  
  
A complete list of affected stations and systems follows.  
  
Stations where services have been suspended:  
  
Gurragchaa Gateway, Warkushanui system  
  
Gaiman Dock, 49 Arietis system  
  
Weyn Dock, 64 Arietis system  
  
Korolyov Hub, Arawere system  
  
Lobachevsky Outpost, Pic Tok system  
  
Carter Port, Rhea system  
  
Stations experiencing technical issues:  
  
Coats Hub, Warkushanui system  
  
Bond Hub, Varati system  
  
Hinz Hub, Ngobe system  
  
Tsunenaga Dock, Iapodes system  
  
Li Qing Jao, Sol system  
  
Ray Gateway, Diaguandri system  
  
Vizcaino Enterprise, Nganji system  
  
Talos 2, Peregrina system  
  
We will continue to bring you up-to-the-minute reports on this issue.  
  
# Explorer's Association Delighted with Response to Appeal  
  
3301-12-11   
  
The Explorer's Association has announced that its request for exploration data has been positively received by the galactic community. Over the past two weeks, the organisation has accepted a wealth of information on previously uncharted star systems, which it will now sell to various private clients. A spokesperson for the association issued a brief statement:  
  
"We are delighted with the response to our appeal, and would like to thank all those who participated in the initiative. The significance of your contribution to our ever-increasing understanding of the galaxy cannot be overstated.  
  
# A Week in Powerplay  
  
3301-12-11   
  
Prime Minister Edmund Mahon finalized trade agreements with the HIP 80243 and Marralteki systems this week, defying economic downtrends seen elsewhere in populated space. Benanekpeno is the latest system to curry favour with the Alliance and attempt to join the list of preferred trade partners.  
  
President Zachary Hudson did not establish any new bases this week, instead focussing his efforts on strengthening supply lines to existing bases in his jurisdiction. But the growing Federal fleet is seeking new berths in Dhanchu, HIP 44811, and Wolf 287. If these systems become fully operational Federal bases, President Hudson's domain will extend to 82 bases in total.  
  
Emperor Arissa Lavigny-Duval's domain was relatively peaceful this week, as shield of Justice patrols kept her territory safe. The Emperor has a busy week ahead of her, as six new systems - Gitse, HIP 21991, LTT 1345, Mbutsi, Neites, and Paucates - have requested the protection of her fleets. If these systems join her cause, the Emperor will hold sway over 83 key systems by the end of the week.  
  
Shadow President Felicia Winters witnessed a surge in opposition this week, but successfully thwarted the challenges with minimal effort. Codorain and Shenggan are currently accepting liberal aid packages, and will likely join the Shadow President's cause within the week.  
  
Princess Aisling Duval's representatives concluded negotiations with the leaders of Woyo Mina and Kanuket without a consensus being reached. The two systems have formally withdrawn their support from the People's Princess, and the leaders of the Duryampas system have also told Aisling's representatives that they intend to withdraw their support.  
  
Sirius Gov CEO Li Yong-Rui sold off assets in Tote, GCRV 2743, and NLTT 6655 this week, attempting to hedge against a potential galactic recession. Unfortunately, the economic situation has worsened, and the corporation is facing another week of potential losses. Li Yong-Rui is currently weighing options, and considering divesting additional systems.  
  
Senator Denton Patreus's fleets countered a surge in enemy activity on the fringes of his territory, nearly setting a record for the distribution of garrison supplies. But despite these efforts, the system of Contiku was left open to attack, and was plunged into turmoil early Thursday morning.  
  
Senator Zemina Torval's enterprises continue to struggle with the economic crisis, but the sale of Junga's infrastructure enabled Torval to balance her budget this week. With a galactic recession looming, it may become necessary for Torval to divest herself of additional systems to remain profitable.  
  
Pirate Lord Archon Delaine was repulsed from the remote Alchera system this week, but several new Kumo-sponsored insurrections have emerged. Four Imperial systems – Inmutha, Itzamnets, Kenna and LTT 874 - have been targeted by the Kumo Crew, and with the Imperial Expeditionary Force still reeling from recent defeats, many question whether system defences will hold.  
  
Simguru Pranav Antal was unsuccessful in opening new enclaves this week, although Utopia currently has the resources to bring several new systems into the fold. Utopian representatives are being sent far and wide in an attempt to extend Utopia's influence throughout inhabited space.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-12-12   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,592 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Kheretii Corp  
  
HIP 100280 Conservatives  
  
Movement for Asbrua Coalition  
  
Kebeghengi Co  
  
LTT 18486 Jet Energy Company  
  
Defence Party of Maleenens  
  
HIP 114135 Empire League  
  
Turmati Exchange  
  
Independent Siksikabe Alliance  
  
Ngandii Progressive Party  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# A Week in Powerplay: Corrections  
  
3301-12-14   
  
Gabriel Vox, chairman of the GalNet Board of Review, has released a statement in response to criticism of errors in recent GalNet publications:  
  
"The GalNet periodical 'A Week in Powerplay' summarises weekly changes in political dynamics, economics, and various other situations in thousands of systems throughout inhabited space. With this task comes a high probability of clerical error. It is my dubious honour to correct some of these errors at this time.  
  
"The summary of 22nd–28th October 3301 incorrectly stated that the Alliance forged no new trade agreements, when in fact an agreement with Kpaniya was finalized.  
  
"The summary of 3rd–9th December 3301 failed to mention the trade agreement between the Alliance and 37 Librae.  
  
"Princess Aisling Duval has erroneously been referred to as a 'senator' in several publications.  
  
"Please be assured that we will redouble our efforts to ensure the facts represented in 'A Week in Powerplay' are reliable.  
  
Commander Corrigendum  
  
# Technical Issues spread to Harma and Wolf 1301  
  
3301-12-14   
  
Authorities at Gabriel Enterprise in the Harma system have reported that the station is the latest to be affected by mystifying technical problems, following a raft of malfunctions and breakdowns throughout the starport. Meanwhile, personnel at Saunders's Dive in Wolf 1301 have released a similar statement, reporting extensive technical problems over the past 24 hours. A member of the technical team at Saunders's Dive said:  
  
"It's the same story as at those other starports – system failures, blackouts, all that stuff. At this rate, half the starports in the galaxy are going to be out of order before long. Someone needs to figure out what the hell is going on, and fast!  
  
We will continue to bring you up-to-the-minute reports on this issue.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-12-15   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,969 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Ammatis Values Party  
  
League of Mannona  
  
Purple Netcoms Industries  
  
Matlehi Democrats  
  
Blue Universal Company  
  
LTT 10462 Crew   
  
Sietae Federal Corp  
  
People's Haithis Green Party  
  
HIP 10492 Future  
  
Defence Party of Pastara  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,740 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Independent Kiliwatsuki Free  
  
Partnership of Hu Jung  
  
Values Party of Lalande 38451  
  
Arne Naom Galactic Industry  
  
LTT 6278 Camorra  
  
New Wathiparian Progressive Party  
  
Rhibo Purple Syndicate  
  
Grabrigpa Industry  
  
Wolf 620 Legal Incorporated  
  
HIP 7817 Crimson Rats  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-12-16   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Federation Triumphs over Emperor's Dawn  
  
3301-12-16   
  
When an outpost belonging to the insurgent organisation Emperor's Dawn was discovered in the Federal system of Kausalya two weeks ago, Federal President Zachary Hudson's response was swift and unequivocal. Promising to "mete out such punishment that the very fires of hell will seem but guttering candles in comparison", Hudson promptly despatched a military fleet to Kausalya. Today, Admiral Kirby of the Federal Navy confirmed that the initiative to rout the dissidents had been an unmitigated success:  
  
"They were defiant at first, but the battle started to go our way pretty quickly, and the past week has just been a mopping-up exercise, really. I think the Federal Navy Auxiliary made a big difference – when the insurgents saw how many independent pilots we had on our side, their morale took a big hit.  
  
In a statement, Zachary Hudson exhibited his usual confidence:  
  
"The insurgents' incursion into Kausalya was clearly the last gasp of a dying animal. They stood no chance against our fleet, and their outpost has been utterly destroyed. I predict this is the last we will see of Emperor's Dawn.  
  
## Federation  
  
# Faction Issues Festive Request  
  
3301-12-17   
  
Despite sharing a standard galactic calendar, most human societies prefer to mark the passage of days and years in relation to the stars of their home systems. But a large proportion of the galaxy's human population still observe some shared traditions, despite those traditions being rooted in the seasons of a planet many have never even visited. Of these, winter solstice festivals are perhaps the most prevalent.  
  
This year, an organisation based in the Hel system is issuing a special appeal to commemorate the approaching winter solstice. The Hel Purple Energy Industry has issued a request for Crystalline Spheres – a commodity currently available only at Snow Moon in the Bento system. A spokesperson for the Hel Purple Energy Industry issued a brief statement:  
  
"It might be an antiquated festival, but we believe the winter solstice is a great opportunity to unwind and spend some quality time with friends and family. And what better way to mark the occasion than to invite people to gather up snowballs – I mean, crystalline spheres – and haul them across the galaxy?  
  
The appeal begins today and is scheduled to run for one week.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-12-17   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,891 minor factions holding elections:  
  
LHS 6386 Blue Transport Systems  
  
Rish Blue Travel Company  
  
Lhou Xuang Prison Colony  
  
HIP 12605 Empire Party  
  
Keer Dynamic Company  
  
Constitution Party of Daii  
  
Jukuna Crimson United Inc  
  
Damna Silver Travel Group  
  
League of BD+28 413 Conservatives  
  
Allied BD+28 413 Order  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Another Jeffress Treasure Hunt  
  
3301-12-17   
  
Eccentric billionaire Alfred Jeffress has made headlines in recent weeks with not one but two galaxy-wide treasure hunts, each of which saw the reclusive philanthropist give out enormous cash prizes. Now Jeffress has announced a third treasure hunt, and once again he has promised to reward the winner with a share of his vast personal fortune.  
  
The event is expected to follow the same format as the previous two. A mystery object has been placed somewhere in space, and the first person to find and deliver it to a specified location will win the competition. As before, the hunt begins with a riddle, composed by Jeffress, which will lead participants to the mystery object:  
  
"To win the prize, follow a story of kings, crowns and jewels, not tall tales told by fools. Your quest to restore the king's crown starts in the middle. Travel where all frequencies of light reside to start solving my riddle.  
  
Jeffress has promised that this hunt will be the most challenging yet, having devised even more cryptic clues this time.  
  
# Fake Precious Gem Scam Revealed  
  
3301-12-17   
  
Word has reached this reporter of a massive fraud involving fake precious gems originating from the Prism system region over the past few hours. A security services spokesman admitted that they had been caught unawares of the scale of the problem and that thousands of these fakes had already been sold.  
  
"We will hunt down the perpetrators of these crimes, who have cost the the regional economy millions of credits.  
  
Efforts are now under way to locate the source of these convincing fakes and put an end to their trade. The spokesman promised that those identified as dealing in these items would be punished to the full extent of the law.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-12-19   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,596 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Labour of Seleru Bao  
  
Borfor Democrats  
  
Tjalkond Progressive Party  
  
Integrated Kurutas  
  
Esuseku Corporation  
  
Cashikori Citizens' Forum  
  
HIP 117865 Empire Pact  
  
Boveltibes Progressive Party  
  
Order of Ch'i Ling  
  
Guuguyni Empire Consulate  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
## Empire  
  
# Technical Issues spread to Maia  
  
3301-12-21   
  
Following last week's report that the technical issues currently plaguing the galaxy had spread to Gabriel Enterprise in Harma, authorities at the starport have announced that all services have been suspended apart from docking and shipyard access. Meanwhile, authorities in the Maia system have confirmed that the starport of Obsidian Orbital is the latest to experience mysterious technical issues. This announcement will no doubt disappoint those who contributed to the construction of Obsidian Orbital earlier this year.   
  
We will continue to bring you up-to-the-minute reports on this issue.  
  
# The Canonn Supports Palin's Effort  
  
3301-12-21   
  
Professor Ishmael Palin has requested help in establishing a new research base on Maia b1ba in order to safely study the unknown artefacts. Dr Arcanonn, head of the Canonn Interstellar Research Group, has issued a statement regarding this endeavour:  
  
"I cannot argue with the logic of establishing a research facility out in the Pleiades, next door to Merope, and I urge all Commanders to deliver as many Evacuation Shelters as they can to Nelson Works in Dahan to ensure this facility is completed.  
  
"With the Canonn throwing its resources at this initiative, I will be contacting the professor personally to request laboratory space for my researchers so that we, too, can be involved once the base is established.  
  
"Research into the UAs is not a side project for humanity - it is vital. Make sure you're one of those making a difference.  
  
Commander Lord Zoltan  
  
# The Galactic Intern's Special Treasure Hunt for SpecialEffect  
  
3301-12-22   
  
Greetings, Commander Ed Lewis,  
  
I have heard of your adventures as the galactic intern, trying various jobs across the galaxy. Now I would like to offer you an opportunity to apply for a position with me. My representative has something for you, but to claim your prize you will have to solve one of my treasure hunts.  
  
Your problem solving skills and memory will be tested as you retrace your steps finding four locations from your past. At each location there is a clue for the code you need. That's four locations with four clues to give you the four-digit combination.  
  
Here are the clues to the locations:  
  
1- A poor old goat alone did seem, we brought him riches to support a nebulous dream.  
  
2- We can cater for the intern's tastes, hurry now no time to waste.  
  
3- Racers come and racers go, but where were you in that show?  
  
4- Dock where a mysterious voice with a head for figures told you to obtain traffic numbers.  
  
Good luck, and happy hunting.  
  
Alfred Jeffress  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-12-22   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,626 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Revolutionary Party of Wichaimi  
  
Kinne Blue Boys   
  
LP 417-213 Power Solutions  
  
Lovedu Blue Major Inc  
  
HIP 15587 Free  
  
Niamara Electronics Services  
  
Kui Hsien General Ltd  
  
Natural Contien Movement  
  
Renssen Construction  
  
Barann Fortune Interstellar  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,550 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Yimanbin Nationalists  
  
KUI 11 Crimson Natural Org  
  
Friggi Independent Union  
  
UBV 15076 Jet Bridge Partners  
  
Barons of Coringha  
  
Orishanann Crimson Allied Net  
  
BD+47 2391 Silver Central Org  
  
Ba Xian Netcoms Co  
  
No Chique Blue Allied Exchange  
  
Cemiess Purple Council  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Clauss Incorporated Issues Appeal  
  
3301-12-22   
  
The Clauss Incorporated organisation, a galaxy-wide distributor of luxury commodities, has issued a public appeal for Special Gifts. The company CEO, Nicolas St Clauss, has released a statement to the media, which is reprinted in full below:  
  
"We at Clauss Incorporated specialise in bringing joy to the people of this vast and wonderful galaxy. But fulfilling the hopes and dreams of so many is a difficult task, and this year we're experiencing increased demand for Special Gifts. So we're asking all you talented pilots to help us by transporting Special Gifts from Frost Dock in the Njambalba system to Clauss Port in the Santa Muerte system. We're willing to offer generous financial incentives to those who help, and we'll even be giving new ships to novice pilots who contribute to our appeal*.  
  
"Sincerely,  
  
Nicolas St Clauss  
  
"*Terms and conditions: New ships will only be offered to pilots who have logged between 3 and 10 hours total flight time. The type of ship offered will depend on the total number of Special Gifts brought to Clauss Port, so please dig deep for your fellow pilots!  
  
# The Search for the Antares  
  
3301-12-22   
  
3251 is remembered chiefly for the disappearance of the Antares, a technologically revolutionary passenger liner designed and built by the Sirius Corporation. The ship was supposed to usher in a new age in interplanetary travel, but the loss of the vessel during its maiden voyage tarnished the reputation of the Sirius Corporation and stalled the company's plans to develop further superfast liners.  
  
The exact reason for the ship's disappearance has never been established, but a fragmentary status report, transmitted by the Antares moments before contact was lost, indicated that a component failure took place during the ship's first hyperspace jump. The failure resulted in a simultaneous explosion and mis-jump, leading many to assume that the ship had been destroyed. But no wreckage from the vessel has ever been found, and its precise fate remains unknown.  
  
It seems, however, that the Sirius Corporation is not ready to close the file on the Antares. Today, Li Yong-Rui, CEO of the company's governmental division, announced that the organisation intends to launch an official search for the ship:  
  
"Since the Antares was lost 50 years ago, there have been great advances in scanning technology, and we believe it may now be possible to find the remains of the ship. We are inviting every pilot in the galaxy to deliver wreckage components to our research base at Davy Dock in the Procyon system. Once we have accumulated enough material, we will subject the debris to comprehensive analysis to determine its origin. With luck, not only will we find the remains of the Antares, we will be able to determine her fate.  
  
The search begins today.  
  
# Treasure Hunt Comes to an End  
  
3301-12-23   
  
The third treasure hunt from eccentric billionaire Alfred Jeffress has come to an unexpected end, with not one but two pilots claiming the grand prize. Commanders MAX RED and Sync Mercy completed the treasure hunt within seconds of each other, prompting Jeffress to declare them both winners.  
  
As with Jeffress's previous treasure hunts, competitors were required to solve a series of riddles to find the mystery object at the centre of the search. Competitors were led to multiple systems, eventually landing at Lasswitz Terminal in the Mentor system, and finally to the Prism system where the mysterious object was found.  
  
When the winners were announced, Alfred Jeffress released a brief statement:  
  
"I wish to extend my sincere congratulations to the winners, both of whom will soon receive a share of my personal fortune and the deeds to a new ship. I would also like to extend my gratitude to all those who took part – your enthusiasm has made this endeavour more than worthwhile.  
  
# Appeal for Crystalline Spheres Comes to an End  
  
3301-12-23   
  
Last week, the Hel Purple Energy Industry launched a public appeal for crystalline spheres to commemorate the upcoming winter solstice festival – a tradition from Earth's ancient past. Hundreds of independent pilots got into the spirit of the occasion, taking to their ships to deliver the requested commodities to Snow Moon in the Bento system. A spokesperson for the Hel Purple Energy Industry said:  
  
"We're thrilled with how it's turned out, we really are. Some said this appeal didn't have a chance of succeeding, but the response from the galactic community shows that the winter solstice still means something to people. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to check on the turkey.  
  
# Scientist's Appeal Successful  
  
3301-12-23   
  
Last week, Professor Ishmael Palin issued a request for evacuation shelters with which to establish a new research outpost on Maia b1ba in the Maia system. Today, Professor Palin announced that the request had been positively received by the galactic community, and that he and his team were now in a position to start work on their new base of operations.  
  
"Given the strong correlation between the presence of Unknown Artefacts and the mechanical issues currently affecting starports, it's of the utmost importance that we continue our research at a remove from the civilian population," said Professor Palin. "This new outpost will allow us to do exactly that, and it couldn't have been achieved without the support of the public.  
  
Professor Palin said he hoped the new station would be up and running within a week.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-12-23   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-12-24   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 2,830 minor factions holding elections:  
  
CD-51 881 Galactic Network  
  
Aditi Jet Universal Interstellar  
  
Barnard's Star Alliance  
  
LHS 1885 League  
  
League of 36 Ursae Majoris  
  
Marquis du Meduwang  
  
Wawal Partners   
  
Confederacy of CPO 24  
  
Aditi Crimson Energy Inc  
  
Anareldt Silver Advanced Hldgs  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.   
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Expansion List  
  
3301-12-26   
  
Each week, GalNet presents a list of 10 of the 1,651 minor factions currently expanding into new systems.  
  
Thiana United Group  
  
Regir Purple Legal PLC  
  
Revolutionary HR 6649 Republic Party  
  
Alliance of Cileni  
  
LP 694-16 Crimson Legal Ind  
  
Green Party of Dulos  
  
Guangngel Freedom Party  
  
Prahlang PLC  
  
United Barillian Labour  
  
Revolutionary Betseoltana Future  
  
Expansion occurs when a minor faction reaches a sufficient influence rating and there is a populated system within striking distance. The act of expansion is a costly one, and the wealth and development rating suffers during the period of expansion.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Security Digest  
  
3301-12-29   
  
In this weekly report, the latest GalNet data is assembled to present ten minor factions experiencing civil unrest or lockdown in their systems.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,592 minor factions in lockdown:  
  
Ross 41 Industry  
  
Nan Hsie Prison Colony  
  
Kuan Gu aristocrats  
  
47 Ceti Citizens' Forum  
  
Revolutionary Party of Erivit  
  
Revolutionary Party of Wichaimi  
  
Kinne Blue Boys   
  
LP 417-213 Power Solutions  
  
Lovedu Blue Major Inc  
  
People's Party of Huaich  
  
Lockdowns increase the security rating for a system but also have a negative effect on the system's wealth. Increased bounty hunting activity can shorten the lockdown period.  
  
Here are 10 of the 1,510 minor factions experiencing civil unrest:  
  
Julung Society  
  
LP 542-33 Front   
  
BD-00 4461 Jet Transport Systems  
  
Neperimpox Jet Fortune Ind  
  
LP 102-320 Blue State Partners  
  
Barons of Wirang  
  
HIP 26926 Exchange  
  
Democrats of Vetr  
  
Galouri People's Party  
  
7 Alpha Lacertae Dominion  
  
Civil unrest is caused by illegal activity within the system as well completing contracts from more nefarious sources. The wealth rating and standard of living will suffer when a system contains civil unrest. Combat missions and activities can be utilised to end civil unrest.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# GalNet Weekly Powers Update Incoming  
  
3301-12-30   
  
In the early hours of tomorrow morning (7.00am GMT), the GalNet monitoring of powers' activities will go offline for a short period while the latest data is assembled.  
  
Any pilots who operate for one of the powers must deliver any cargo or vouchers before this time to ensure their activities are registered.  
  
# Faction Appeals for Fireworks  
  
3301-12-30   
  
With the end of the year less than a week away, preparations for New Year celebrations are in full swing throughout the galaxy. One of the most notable is the forthcoming party from Independent Cherets Labour, an organisation based in the Cherets system. According to a recent press release, the organisation has issued an open contract for fireworks with which to mark the start of 3302. But not just any fireworks. Anduliga fireworks.  
  
"If you really want to start the New Year with a bang, you need fireworks. But I'm not talking about those namby-pamby firecrackers you get in Alioth or Achenar. I'm talking about the bone-rattling, teeth-loosening explosives you find in Anduliga. That's why we're offering rewards to anyone who brings Anduliga Fireworks to us here at Buckey Hub.  
  
Independent Cherets Labour has also asked for combat pilots to clear the spaceways of Cherets, to ensure the safety of those delivering fireworks to Buckey Hub. "Anyone who hands in bounty vouchers will be generously compensated," the organisation confirmed.  
  
The appeal begins today and is scheduled to run until the 7th of January.  
  
# Clauss Incorporated Appeal Comes to an End  
  
3301-12-31   
  
Clauss Incorporated has announced that its recent appeal for Special Gifts has been warmly received by the galactic community, with hundreds of pilots taking to their ships to transport the requested commodities from Frost Dock in the Njambalba system to Clauss Port in Santa Muerte. Nicolas St Clauss, the CEO of Clauss Incorporated, released a brief statement:  
  
"It warms my heart to see so many people giving to their fellow citizens, and helping us spread joy throughout the galaxy. I'd like to thank all those who contributed to this appeal.  
  
In addition to offering participants generous financial incentives, Clauss Incorporated also gave away hundreds of free ships to pilots who contributed to the appeal.  
  
# GalNet Focus on Democracy  
  
3301-12-31   
  
This weekly roundup highlights some of the minor factions pursuing the dream of democratic freedom by holding elections.  
  
Here are 10 of the 3,139 minor factions holding elections:  
  
CD-51 881 Galactic Network  
  
Aditi Jet Universal Interstellar  
  
Barnard's Star Alliance  
  
LHS 1885 League  
  
League of 36 Ursae Majoris  
  
Marquis du Meduwang  
  
Wawal Partners  
  
Confederacy of CPO 24  
  
Aditi Crimson Energy Inc  
  
Anareldt Silver Advanced Hldgs  
  
Elections occur when two minor factions of a similar political structure resolve a conflict over ownership and influence within a system.  
  
Data is correct at time of publishing.  
  
# Sirius Corporation Begins Analysing Wreckage  
  
3301-12-31   
  
Last week, the Sirius Corporation launched a search for the remains of the Antares, an innovative passenger liner that disappeared during its maiden voyage in 3251. The initiative piqued the interest of the galactic community, and hundreds of independent pilots took part in the search, scouring the galaxy for remains of the lost ship.  
  
Today, the Sirius Corporation confirmed that it has received thousands of tonnes of space-borne debris, and that it would soon begin analysing the wreckage to determine its origin. Li Yong-Rui, CEO of Sirius Gov, released a brief statement to the media:  
  
"The galactic community has responded to our appeal with great enthusiasm, and we are extremely grateful to all those who took part in the search. Now we must analyse the debris to determine whether any of the wreckage delivered to us is from the Antares. We will make a further announcement as soon as our analysis is complete. Our hope is that the fate of the Antares will not remain a mystery much longer.  
  
